-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 MvrOxbOqSE3c9Axsfw/v9XBgnNhpbcKlr5U028geEzcKQl8EXr8cRZyq+M+x/ls3
 3rV1hKiHMsxbPjba2BDgUQ==


0001193125-09-214859.txt : 20091027

0001193125-09-214859.hdr.sgml : 20091027


20091027161829

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-09-214859

CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K

PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35

CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20090926

FILED AS OF DATE:		20091027

DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20091027


FILER:


	COMPANY DATA:	

		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLE INC

		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320193

		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]

		IRS NUMBER:				942404110

		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA

		FISCAL YEAR END:			0926



	FILING VALUES:

		FORM TYPE:		10-K

		SEC ACT:		1934 Act

		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10030

		FILM NUMBER:		091139493



	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	

		STREET 1:		1 INFINITE LOOP

		CITY:			CUPERTINO

		STATE:			CA

		ZIP:			95014

		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089961010



	MAIL ADDRESS:	

		STREET 1:		ONE INFINITE LOOP

		CITY:			CUPERTINO

		STATE:			CA

		ZIP:			95014



	FORMER COMPANY:	

		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLE COMPUTER INC

		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970808








10-K

1

d10k.htm

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 26, 2009



For the fiscal year ended September 26, 2009


Table of Contents


 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES 
 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 
 
 
 
Form 10-K 


 
 
 
 
 
(Mark One) 
 
 






x


 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
For the fiscal year ended September 26, 2009 
 
Or 






¨


 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
For the transition period
from 
                        
 to

                         
 
 
Commission file number: 000-10030 
 
 
 
 
 
APPLE INC. 


 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 
 
 
 
 














 
California


 


 
94-2404110




(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)


 


(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)


 
 














 
1 Infinite Loop
 
Cupertino, California


 


 
95014




(Address of principal executive offices)


 


(Zip Code)


 
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 996-1010 


 
 
 
 
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 














Common Stock, no par value


 


The NASDAQ Global Select Market




(Title of class)


 


(Name of exchange on which registered)


 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 


 
 
 
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
Yes  
x
    No  
¨
 
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

 
Yes  
¨
    No  
x
 
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
Yes  
x
    No  
¨
 
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§229.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 
Yes  
x
    No  
¨
 
 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.  
¨
 
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 
 
 






















 
Large accelerated filer  
x


 




  


 
Accelerated filer


 


 
¨




 
Non-accelerated filer    
¨


 


 
(Do not check if smaller reporting company)


  


 
Smaller Reporting Company


 


 
¨


 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Act). 
 
Yes  
¨
    No  
x
 
 
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant, as of March 28, 2009, was approximately $94,593,000,000 based upon the closing price reported for such date on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by
persons who hold more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of executive
officer or affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
900,678,473 shares of Common
Stock Issued and Outstanding as of October 16, 2009 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
(1) Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

 
 
 
 
 
 






Table of Contents


The Business section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form
10-K”) contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by
words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the subsection
entitled “Risk Factors” under Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.

 
PART I 
 
 






Item 1.


Business 
 
Company Background

 
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively “Apple” or the
“Company”) design, manufacture, and market personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music and video players and sell a variety of related software, services, peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company
sells its products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores, its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers, and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third-party Macintosh
®
 (“Mac”), iPhone
®
 and iPod
®
 compatible
products, including application software, printers, storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and peripherals through its online and retail stores, and digital content and applications through the iTunes Store
®
. The Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business (“SMB”), education, enterprise, government
and creative customers. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. Unless otherwise stated, all information presented in this Form 10-K is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar. The
Company is a California corporation founded in 1977. 
 
Business Strategy 
 
The Company is committed to bringing the best personal computing, mobile communication and portable digital music and
video experience to consumers, students, educators, businesses, and government agencies through its innovative hardware, software, peripherals, services, and Internet offerings. The Company’s business strategy leverages its unique ability to
design and develop its own operating system, hardware, application software, and services to provide its customers new products and solutions with superior ease-of-use, seamless integration, and innovative industrial design. The Company believes
continual investment in research and development is critical to the development and enhancement of innovative products and technologies. In addition to evolving its personal computers and related solutions, the Company continues to capitalize on the
convergence of the personal computer, mobile communications and digital consumer electronics by creating and refining innovations, such as iPhone, iPod and the iTunes Store. The Company desires to support a community for the development of
third-party products that complement the Company’s offerings through its developer programs. The Company offers various third-party software applications and hardware accessories for Mac
®
 computers, iPhones and iPods through its retail and online stores, as well as software applications for the iPhone and iPod touch platforms through its App
Store™. The Company’s strategy also includes expanding its distribution network to effectively reach more of its targeted customers and provide them with a high-quality sales and post-sales support experience. 
 
Consumer and Small and Mid-Sized Business 
 
The Company believes a high-quality buying experience with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value of the Company’s products and services greatly enhances its ability to attract and
retain customers. The Company sells many of its products and resells certain third-party products in most of its major markets directly

 
 


1 






Table of Contents



to consumers and businesses through its retail and online stores. The Company has also invested in programs to enhance reseller sales, including the Apple Sales Consultant Program, which places
Apple employees and contractors at selected third-party reseller locations, and the Apple Premium Reseller Program, through which independently run businesses focus on the Apple platform and provide a high level of customer service and product
expertise. The Company believes providing direct contact with its targeted customers is an efficient way to demonstrate the advantages of its products over those of its competitors. 
 
At the end of fiscal 2009, the Company had opened a total of 273 retail stores, including 217 stores in the U.S. and 56 stores internationally. The Company has typically located its
stores at high-traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urban shopping districts. By operating its own stores and locating them in desirable high-traffic locations, the Company is better positioned to control the customer buying experience
and attract new customers. The stores are designed to simplify and enhance the presentation and marketing of the Company’s products and related solutions. To that end, retail store configurations have evolved into various sizes to accommodate
market-specific demands. The stores employ experienced and knowledgeable personnel who provide product advice, service and training. The stores offer a wide selection of third-party hardware, software, and various other accessories and peripherals
that complement the Company’s products. 
 
Education 
 
Throughout its history, the Company has focused on the use of technology in education and has been committed to delivering tools to help educators teach and students learn. The Company believes effective
integration of technology into classroom instruction can result in higher levels of student achievement, especially when used to support collaboration, information access, and the expression and representation of student thoughts and ideas. The
Company has designed a range of products and services to address the needs of education customers, which includes one-to-one (“1:1”) learning. A 1:1 learning solution typically consists of a networked environment that includes a portable
computer for every student and teacher. In addition, the Company supports mobile learning and real-time distribution and accessibility of education related materials through iTunes U, which allows students and teachers to share and distribute
educational media directly through their computers and mobile communication devices. 
 
Enterprise, Government and Creative 


The Company also sells its hardware and software products to customers in enterprise, government and creative markets
in each of its geographic segments. These markets are also important to many third-party developers who provide Mac-compatible hardware and software solutions. Customers in these markets utilize the Company’s products because of their
high-powered computing performance and expansion capabilities, networking functionality, and seamless integration with complementary products. The Company designs its high-end hardware solutions, including Mac Pro desktops, MacBook
®
 Pro and MacBook Air
®
 portable systems, and Xserve
®

servers, to incorporate the power, expandability, and other features desired by these professionals. The Company’s operating system, Mac OS
®
 X, incorporates powerful graphics and audio technologies and features developer tools to optimize system and application performance. 
 
Other 
 
In addition to
consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government and creative markets, the Company provides hardware and software products and solutions for customers in the information technology and scientific markets. 
 
Business Organization 
 
The
Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable operating segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Retail. The Americas, Europe and Japan reportable segments do not include activities related to
the Retail segment. The Americas segment includes both North and

 
 


2 






Table of Contents



South America. The Europe segment includes European countries as well as the Middle East and Africa. The Retail segment operates Apple-owned retail stores in the U.S. and in international
markets. Each reportable geographic operating segment and the Retail operating segment provide similar hardware and software products and similar services. Further information regarding the Company’s operating segments may be found in Part II,
Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the subheading “Segment Operating Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements at Note 9, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.”

 
Products 
 
The Company offers a range of personal computing products, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music and video players, as well as a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions and various
third-party hardware and software products. The Company designs, develops, and markets to Mac and Windows users its iPhone mobile communication devices and its family of iPod digital music and video players, along with related accessories and
services, including the online distribution of third-party digital content and applications through the Company’s iTunes Store. In addition, the Company offers its own software products, including Mac OS X, the Company’s proprietary
operating system software for the Mac; server software and related solutions; professional application software; and consumer, education, and business oriented application software. The Company’s primary products are discussed below.

 
Mac Hardware Products 
 
The Company offers a range of personal computing products including desktop and notebook computers, servers, related devices and peripherals, and various third-party hardware products. The Company’s
Mac desktop and portable systems feature Intel microprocessors, the Company’s Mac OS X Version 10.6 Snow Leopard
®


 (“Mac OS X Snow Leopard”) operating system and iLife
®
 suite of software for creation and
management of digital photography, music, movies, DVDs and websites. 
 
MacBook
®
 Pro 
 
The
MacBook Pro family of notebook computers is designed for professionals and consumers. In June 2009, the Company updated its aluminum unibody MacBook Pro line to include 13-inch, 15-inch and 17-inch models. Each MacBook Pro includes an LED-backlit
display, a glass Multi-Touch™ trackpad, an illuminated keyboard, an SD card or ExpressCard slot, a FireWire
®
 800 port, built-in AirPort Extreme
®


 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1. The 13-inch MacBook Pro includes up to 2.53 GHz in processor speed and an NVIDIA GeForce 9400M graphics processor. The 15-inch and 17-inch MacBook Pro models offer up to 3.06 GHz in processor
speed and the NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT discrete graphics processor. 
 
MacBook
®
 
 
The
MacBook is designed for consumer and education users. In October 2009, the Company updated its MacBook with a new polycarbonate unibody design that includes an LED-backlit display and a glass Multi-Touch™ trackpad. The MacBook includes up to
2.26 GHz in processor speed, NVIDIA GeForce 9400M graphics processor, support for up to 4GB of 1066 MHz SDRAM memory, up to a 500 GB Serial ATA hard drive, a SuperDrive
®
, built-in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1. 
 
MacBook Air
®
 
 
In June 2009, the Company updated its MacBook Air, an ultra-slim notebook computer that measures 0.16-inches at its
thinnest point and 0.76-inches at its maximum height when closed. The MacBook Air includes up to 2.13 GHz processor speed with 6MB of Level 2 cache, NVIDIA GeForce 9400M graphics processor, 2GB of memory, and a 128GB hard drive. The MacBook Air
includes a 13.3-inch LED-backlit widescreen display, a full-size backlit keyboard, a built-in iSight
®
 video
camera, a trackpad with Multi-Touch gesture support, and built-in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1. 
 
 


3 






Table of Contents


Mac
®
 Pro 
 
The Mac Pro desktop computer is
targeted at business and professional customers and is designed to meet the performance, expansion, and networking needs of the most demanding Mac user. In March 2009, the Company introduced an updated Mac Pro featuring up to two Intel Quad-Core
Xeon processors running at up to 2.93 GHz, 8GB of shared Level 3 cache per processor, and up to 32GB of 1066 MHz SDRAM memory. The Mac Pro also features a direct attach storage solution for snap-in installation of up to four 1TB hard drives for a
total of 4TB of internal storage, up to two double-layer SuperDrive disk drives, Bluetooth 2.1 and optional AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking. 
 
iMac
®
 
 
The iMac desktop computer is targeted at consumer, education and business customers. In October 2009, the Company introduced new iMac models, which feature 21.5-inch or 27-inch
LED-backlit displays in a glass and aluminum enclosure. The iMac includes up to 3.33 GHz processor speed, up to 16GB of 1066 MHz SDRAM memory, multiple graphics card options, up to a 2TB Serial ATA hard drive and a slot-loading double-layer
SuperDrive. The 27-inch iMac model also features an Intel Quad-Core i5 or i7 processor running at up to 2.8 GHz, and is expected to be available in November 2009. All iMac models include a built-in iSight video camera, AirPort Extreme 802.11n
wireless networking, Bluetooth 2.1 and come with the new wireless Magic Mouse, the first mouse with Multi-Touch technology. 
 
Mac
®
 mini 
 
The Mac mini is a desktop computer measuring 6.5 by 6.5 by 2-inches. In October 2009, the Company updated the Mac mini line to include up to 2.66 GHz processor speed, up to 4GB of 1066 MHz SDRAM memory,
up to a 500GB hard drive and NVIDIA GeForce 9400M integrated graphics. All Mac mini models include built-in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking, Bluetooth 2.1, a total of five USB 2.0 ports, and one FireWire 800 port. Mac mini includes dual
display support and can operate displays with Mini DisplayPort or DVI connections. The Company also offers a Mac mini that is configured with Mac OS X Snow Leopard Server, featuring two 500GB hard drives for a total of 1TB of server storage.

 
Xserve
®
 
 
Xserve is a 1U rack-mount server available
with up to two 2.93 GHz Quad-Core Intel Xeon processors and features Mac OS X Server 10.6 Snow Leopard, which became available in August 2009. Xserve supports up to 24GB of random access memory, remote management, storage drives of up to 3TB, an
optional 128GB solid state drive and an optional internal Xserve RAID card. 
 
iPhone
®
 
 
iPhone combines a mobile phone, a widescreen iPod with touch controls, and an Internet communications device in a single handheld product. Based on the Company’s Multi Touch user interface, iPhone features desktop-class email, web
browsing, searching, and maps and is compatible with both Macs and Windows-based computers. iPhone automatically syncs content from users’ iTunes libraries, as well as contacts, bookmarks, and email accounts. iPhone allows users to
wirelessly access the iTunes Store to purchase and/or download audio and video content as well as thousands of applications. In July 2008, the Company launched the App Store that allows a user to browse, search for, or purchase third-party
applications through either a Mac or Windows-based computer or by wirelessly downloading directly to an iPhone or iPod touch. 
 
In June 2009, the Company announced iPhone 3GS, the third-generation iPhone. It combines the features of iPhone 3G, which was released in July 2008, with a built-in three megapixel auto-focus camera, video recording and hands free voice
control. iPhone 3GS is a quad-band GSM phone featuring 3G, EDGE and Wi-Fi wireless technologies for data networking, Bluetooth 2.1, and a 3.5-inch touch widescreen with 480-by-320 resolution at

 
 


4 






Table of Contents



163 pixels per inch. iPhone 3GS provides up to 12 hours of talk time on 2G networks and five hours using 3G networks, up to nine hours of web browsing, up to ten hours of video playback, or up to
30 hours of audio playback. It is available in 16GB and 32GB configurations. The Company also continues to offer the iPhone 3G in a 8GB configuration. 
 
In September 2009, the Company released iPhone 3.1 software, which features Genius technology enhancements including Genius Mixes and Genius recommendations for applications. iPhone 3.1 also incorporates
improved syncing capabilities, which allows users to organize their applications in iTunes and sync back to their iPhones. iPhone 3.1 includes Cut, Copy and Paste, Spotlight
®
 Search, MMS messaging and a landscape keyboard for Mail, Notes and Safari
®
. Certain features of the iPhone 3.1 software are not supported by some of iPhone’s cellular network carriers. 
 
The Company has signed multi-year agreements with various cellular network carriers authorizing them to distribute and provide cellular
network services for iPhones. These agreements are generally not exclusive with a specific carrier, except in the U.S., Germany, Spain, Ireland, and certain other countries. 
 
In addition to the Company’s own iPhone accessories, third-party iPhone compatible products, including headsets, cables and docks, power supplies, and carrying cases, are
available through the Company’s online and retail stores or from third parties. 
 
Music Products and Services 
 
The Company offers its iPod line of portable digital music and video players and related accessories to Mac and Windows users. All iPods work
with the Company’s iTunes digital music management software (“iTunes”) available for both Mac and Windows-based computers. The Company also provides an online service to distribute third-party music, audio books, music videos, short
films, television shows, movies, podcasts, and applications through its iTunes Store. In addition to the Company’s own iPod accessories, third-party iPod compatible products are available, either through the Company’s online and retail
stores or from third parties, including portable and desktop speaker systems, headphones, car radio solutions, voice recorders, cables and docks, power supplies and chargers, and carrying cases and armbands. 
 
iPod
®


 shuffle 
 
In September 2009, the Company updated the third-generation iPod shuffle, a flash-memory-based iPod which is
nearly half the size of the second generation model and is the first music player with the VoiceOver feature enabling it to speak song titles, artists and playlist names. iPod shuffle holds up to 1,000 songs and is the first iPod shuffle to
accommodate playlists. iPod shuffles include a shuffle switch feature that allows users to listen to their music in random order or in the order of their playlists synced through iTunes. iPod shuffle works with iTunes’ patent-pending AutoFill
option that automatically selects songs to fill the iPod shuffle from a user’s iTunes library. The new iPod shuffle is available in 2GB and 4GB configurations in an aluminum design in a variety of colors, or a special edition 4GB configuration
in a stainless steel design. 
 
iPod
®
 nano 
 
In September 2009,
the Company introduced the new iPod nano, a flash-memory-based iPod. The new iPod nano includes a video camera, microphone and speaker, a built-in FM radio with live pause functionality, iTunes Tagging, and a built-in pedometer. The new iPod nano
incorporates a larger 2.2-inch display with 204 pixels per inch, a built-in accelerometer, and an updated user interface featuring Cover Flow
®
 and Shake to Shuffle mode. The new iPod nano also features Genius Mixes, allowing users to automatically create song mixes from their music libraries. The new iPod
nano provides up to 24 hours of audio playback or up to five hours of video playback and is available in 8GB and 16GB configurations in a variety of colors. 
 
 


5 






Table of Contents


iPod
®
 classic 
 
The iPod classic is an upgraded
version of the original iPod, the Company’s hard-drive based portable digital music and video player. In September 2009, the Company introduced an updated version of the iPod classic, which has 160 GB of storage and is capable of holding up to
40,000 songs, 200 hours of video, or 25,000 photos. The iPod classic provides up to 36 hours of audio playback or up to six hours of video playback, features “Genius” technology, and includes a 2.5-inch color screen that can display album
artwork, photos, and video content including music videos, video and audio podcasts, short films, television shows, movies, and games. 
 
iPod
®
 touch 
 
In September 2009, the Company introduced the third-generation iPod touch, a flash-memory-based iPod that is 0.33-inches thin and features a 3.5-inch widescreen display, Genius
technology, a built-in speaker, and an accelerometer. The new iPod touch features peer-to-peer connections, which gives users the ability to play multi-player games with other users, Genius Mixes, and iPhone 3.1 software. The iPod touch’s user
interface is based on the Company’s Multi-Touch user interface. It also includes Wi-Fi wireless networking, which allows users to access the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store and the App Store to purchase and/or download audio and video files, as well
as a variety of other applications. The iPod touch is available in 8GB, 32GB and 64GB configurations and features up to 30 hours of audio playback and up to six hours of video playback. 
 
iTunes
®
 9 
 
iTunes is an application for playing,
downloading, and organizing digital audio and video files and is available for both Mac and Windows-based computers. iTunes is integrated with the iTunes Store, a service that allows customers to find, purchase, rent, and download third-party
digital music, audio books, music videos, short films, television shows, movies, games, and other applications. Originally introduced in the U.S. in April 2003, the iTunes Store now serves customers in 23 countries. In September 2009, the Company
announced iTunes 9, which includes Genius Mixes, a new feature in Genius technology, Home Sharing, which allows users to transfer music, movies and TV shows among up to five authorized computers, and improved syncing functionality that allows users
to organize their iPhone applications in iTunes, to sync music by artist and genre, and to sync photos by Events and Faces. In January 2009, the Company announced it would offer all songs in the iTunes catalog without digital rights management
software and that iTunes songs would be available at three standard price points, beginning in April 2009 in most countries. 
 
Peripheral
Products 
 
The Company sells a variety of Apple-branded and third-party Mac-compatible peripheral products directly to
end-users through its retail and online stores, including printers, storage devices, computer memory, digital video and still cameras, and various other computing products and supplies. 
 
Displays 
 
The Company manufactures the Apple Cinema High
Definition Display™, a 30-inch widescreen flat panel display. In October 2008, the Company introduced a 24-inch LED Cinema Display that features a built-in iSight camera, microphone, built-in 2.1 speaker system and MagSafe
®
 charger. 
 
Apple TV
®
 
 
Apple TV is a device that permits users to wirelessly play iTunes content on a widescreen television. Compatible with a Mac or Windows-based computer, Apple TV includes a 160GB hard
drive capable of storing up to 200 hours of video, 36,000 songs, 25,000 photos, or a combination of each and is compatible with high definition televisions with resolution up to 1080p. Apple TV connects to a broad range of widescreen televisions and
home theater systems and comes standard with high-definition multimedia interface, component video, and both analog

 
 


6 






Table of Contents



and digital optical audio ports. Using AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking, Apple TV can auto-sync content from one computer or stream content from up to five additional computers
directly to a television. 
 
Software Products and Computer Technologies 
 
The Company offers a range of software products for consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government, and creative customers, including the Company’s proprietary operating
system software; server software and related solutions; professional application software; and consumer, education, and business oriented application software. 
 
Operating System Software 
 
Mac OS
®
 X is built on an open-source UNIX-based foundation. Mac OS X Snow Leopard is the sixth major release of Mac OS X and
became available in August 2009. Mac OS X Snow Leopard features upgraded speed and performance and includes a new version of QuickTime
®
 X, support for Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 and VoiceOver integration with the Multi-Touch trackpad. Mac OS X Snow Leopard refines 90 percent of the projects in Mac
OS X, is about half the size of the previous version, and frees up to 7GB of drive space once installed. Snow Leopard retains Stacks, a means of easily accessing files from the Dock; Finder™ that lets users quickly browse and share files
between multiple Macs; Quick Look, a way to instantly see files without opening an application; Spaces
®
, a
feature used to create groups of applications and instantly switch between them; and Time Machine
®
, a way to
automatically back up all of the contents of a Mac. 
 
Application Software 
 
iLife
®


 ’09 
 
In January 2009, the Company introduced iLife ’09, the latest release of its
consumer-oriented digital lifestyle application suite, which features iPhoto
®
, iMovie
®
, iDVD
®
, GarageBand
®
, and iWeb™.
iPhoto is the Company’s consumer-oriented digital photo software application, which includes new features for organizing and browsing photos, including Faces and Places which use face detection, face recognition and GPS geo-tagging
technologies. iMovie is the Company’s consumer-oriented digital video editing software application and features the new Precision Editor, video stabilization, advanced drag and drop, and animated travel maps. iDVD
®
 is the Company’s consumer-oriented software application that enables users to turn iMovie files, QuickTime
®
 files, and digital pictures into interactive DVDs. GarageBand
®
 is the Company’s consumer-oriented music creation software application that allows users to play, record and create music using a simple interface. iWeb™
allows users to create online photo albums, blogs and podcasts, and to customize websites using editing tools. 
 
iWork
®
 ’09 
 
In January 2009, the Company introduced iWork ’09, the latest version of the Company’s integrated productivity suite designed to help users create, present, and publish documents, presentations,
and spreadsheets. iWork ’09 includes updates to Pages
®
 ’09 for word processing and page layout,
Keynote
®
 ’09 for presentations, and Numbers
®
 ’09 for spreadsheets. Among the new features in iWork, Keynote introduces advanced object transitions, Pages features a new full screen view, and Numbers
introduces a quick way to group and summarize data and a simplified way to create complex formulas. 
 
Final Cut Studio
®
 
 
In July 2009, the Company updated Final Cut Studio
®
, the
Company’s video production suite designed for video professionals. Final Cut Studio 2 features Final Cut Pro
®
 7 for video editing, DVD Studio Pro
®


 4 for DVD authoring, Motion 4 for real-time motion graphics, Soundtrack
®
 Pro 3 for audio editing and
sound design, Color 1.5 for color grading and finishing, and Compressor 3.5 for encoding media in multiple formats. The Company also offers Final Cut Express 4, a consumer version of the Company’s movie making software, and Final Cut Server
1.5. 
 
 


7 






Table of Contents


Logic Studio
®
 
 
In July 2009, the
Company updated Logic Studio, a comprehensive suite of professional tools used by musicians and professionals to create, perform, and record music. Logic Studio features Logic
®
 Pro 9, an upgraded version of the Company’s music creation and audio production software application; MainStage
®
 2, a live performance application; Soundtrack
®
 Pro 3, a professional audio post production software; Compressor 3.5 for encoding in a variety of formats; Studio Instruments, made up of 40 instrument plug-ins;
Studio Effects, with 80 professional effect plug-ins; and studio Sound Library. In addition, the Company offers Logic Express 9, a version that includes many of the features of Logic Studio Pro and provides an easy entry into professional music
production. 
 
FileMaker
®
 Pro 
 
The FileMaker Pro database software
offers relational databases and desktop-to-web publishing capabilities. In January 2009, the Company introduced FileMaker Pro 10, which features a new interface, a redesigned and customizable Status Toolbar, the ability to save the results of search
and Script Triggers, which launch scripts triggered by user actions or based on time limits. The Company also offers FileMaker Pro 10 Advanced, FileMaker Server 10 and FileMaker Server 10 Advanced. 
 
Internet Software and Services 
 
The Company is focused on delivering seamless integration with and access to the Internet throughout the Company’s products and services. The Company’s Internet solutions adhere to many industry standards to provide an optimized
user experience. 
 
Safari
®
 
 
In June 2009, the Company released Safari
4, a web browser compatible with Macs and Windows PCs. Safari 4 features the Nitro engine, which runs JavaScript faster than Safari 3 and includes enhanced browsing functionality with Top Sites, Full History Search and Cover Flow. Safari 4 supports
video and audio tags in HTML 5 and supports CSS 3 Animations and Web Fonts, which provide designers additional choices of fonts to create web sites. 
 
QuickTime
®
 
 
QuickTime, the Company’s multimedia software for Mac or Windows-based computers, features streaming of live and stored video and audio over the Internet and playback of
high-quality audio and video on computers. QuickTime 7 features H.264 encoding and can automatically determine a user’s connection speed to ensure they are getting the highest-quality content stream possible. QuickTime 7 also delivers
multi-channel audio and supports a wide range of industry standard audio formats. The Company also offers QuickTime X, a new version of QuickTime that ships with Mac OS X Snow Leopard, and QuickTime 7 Pro, a suite of software tools, allows creation
and editing of Internet-ready audio and video files. 
 
MobileMe™ 
 
In June 2008, the Company introduced MobileMe, an annual subscription-based suite of Internet services that delivers
email, contacts and calendars to and from native applications on iPhone, iPod touch, Macs, and Windows-based computers. MobileMe services include Internet message access protocol mail, an ad-free email service; website hosting for publishing
websites from iWeb; iDisk
®
, a virtual hard drive accessible anywhere with Internet access; Web Gallery for
viewing and sharing photos that is fully integrated with iPhoto and iMovie; MobileMe Sync, which keeps Safari bookmarks, iCal
®
 calendars, Address Book information, Keychain
®
, and Mac OS X Mail preferences up-to-date across multiple computers, iPhones, and iPod touches. When combined with iPhone, MobileMe features Find My iPhone, which
helps users locate their lost iPhones, and a new Remote Wipe feature that allows users to erase all data and content if their iPhones cannot be located. MobileMe provides combined email and file storage of 20GB for individuals and 40GB for families
with additional storage options. 
 
 


8 






Table of Contents


Product Support and Services 
 
AppleCare
®
 offers a range of support options for the Company’s customers. These options include assistance that is built into software products, printed and electronic
product manuals, online support including comprehensive product information as well as technical assistance, and the AppleCare Protection Plan. The AppleCare Protection Plan is a fee-based service that typically includes two to three years of phone
support and hardware repairs, dedicated web-based support resources, and user diagnostic tools. 
 
Markets and Distribution 


The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government and creative markets. The Company
distributes its products through wholesalers, resellers, national and regional retailers and cataloguers. No individual customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 2009, 2008 or 2007. The Company also sells many of its products and resells
certain third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its own sales force and retail and online stores. 
 
Competition 
 
The Company is confronted by aggressive competition in all areas of its business. The markets for
personal computers, mobile communication devices, consumer electronics, related software, services and peripheral products are highly competitive. These markets are characterized by rapid technological advances in both hardware and software that
have substantially increased the capabilities and use of personal computers, mobile communication devices, and other digital electronic devices that have resulted in the frequent introduction of new products with competitive price, feature, and
performance characteristics. Over the past several years, price competition in these markets has been particularly intense. The Company’s competitors who sell personal computers based on other operating systems have aggressively cut prices and
lowered their product margins to gain or maintain market share. The Company’s financial condition and operating results can be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins. The principal competitive
factors include price, product features, relative price/performance, product quality and reliability, design innovation, availability of software and peripherals, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation.
Further, as the personal computer industry and its customers place more reliance on the Internet, an increasing number of Internet devices that are smaller, simpler and less expensive than traditional personal computers may compete with the
Company’s products. 
 
The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to mobile communication devices
including the iPhone. The mobile communications industry is highly competitive and includes several large, well-funded and experienced participants. The Company expects competition in the mobile communication industry to intensify significantly as
competitors attempt to imitate some of the iPhone’s functionality and applications within their own smart phones or, alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. This
industry is characterized by aggressive pricing practices, frequent product introductions, evolving design approaches and technologies, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of
consumers and businesses. 
 
The Company’s music products and services have faced significant competition from other
companies promoting their own digital music and content products and services, including those offering free peer-to-peer music and video services. The Company believes it currently retains a competitive advantage by offering superior innovation and
integration of the entire solution including the hardware (personal computer, iPhone and iPod), software (iTunes), and distribution of digital content and applications (iTunes Store, iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store and App Store). Some of the
Company’s current and potential competitors have substantial resources and may be able to provide such products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss to compete with the Company’s offerings. Alternatively, these competitors
may collaborate with each other to offer solutions that are more integrated than those they currently offer. 
 
 


9 






Table of Contents


The Company’s future financial condition and operating results are substantially
dependent on the Company’s ability to continue to develop and offer new innovative products and services in each of the markets it competes in. 
 
Raw Materials 
 
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from
multiple sources, certain key components including but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), certain optical drives, and application-specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”) are
currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key components available from multiple sources including but not limited to NAND flash
memory, dynamic random access memory (“DRAM”), and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Company has entered into certain agreements for the supply of
key components including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no guarantee the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar favorable terms, or at all, upon
expiration or otherwise obtain favorable pricing in the future. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results.

 
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries also
compete for various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. In addition, the Company uses some custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, mobile communication and
consumer electronics industries, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source until the Company has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers.
When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If the Company’s supply of a key single-sourced component for a new
or existing product were delayed or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s financial condition
and operating results could be materially adversely affected. The Company’s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to
identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components
instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. 
 
Significant portions of the Company’s Mac
computers, iPhones, iPods, logic boards and other assembled products are manufactured by outsourcing partners, primarily in various parts of Asia. A significant concentration of this outsourced manufacturing is currently performed by only a few of
the Company’s outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers of components and manufacturing outsourcing for many of the Company’s key products, including but not
limited to final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s portable Mac computers, iPhones, iPods and most of the Company’s desktop products. Although the Company works closely with its outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules,
the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their production commitments. The Company’s purchase commitments typically cover the Company’s requirements for periods
ranging from 30 to 150 days. 
 
The Company believes there are several component suppliers and manufacturing vendors whose loss
to the Company if they were to encounter financial distress or become insolvent, incur capacity or supply constraints, become unable to obtain credit, or for any other reason could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and
financial condition. At this time, such vendors include, without limitation, 3M Co., Advanced Micro Devices Inc., AKM Semiconductor Inc., Amkor Technology Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Aptina Imaging Corp., ARM Holdings PLC., Atheros Communications
Inc., Atmel Corp., AU Optronics Corp., Avago Technologies Ltd.,

 
 


10 






Table of Contents



Broadcom Corp., Cirrus Logic Inc., Corning Inc., Cypress Semiconductor Corp., Dover Corp., Flextronics Inc., Foxconn Technology Co. Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd., Imagination
Technologies Group PLC., Infineon Technologies AG, Intel Corp., Inventec Appliances Corp., LG Display Co. Ltd., Linear Technology Corp., MagnaChip Semiconductor Corp., Maxim Integrated Products Inc., Mitsumi Electric Co. Ltd., Murata Mfg. Co. Ltd.,
National Semiconductor Corp., Nichia Corp., NVIDIA Corp., NXP B.V., OmniVision Technologies Inc., Quanta Computer, Inc., Pegatron Corp., Philips Lumileds Lighting Co., Renesas Semiconductor Co. Ltd., RF Micro Devices Inc., ROHM Co. Ltd., Samsung
Electronics Co. Ltd., Skyworks Solutions Inc., STMicroelectronics NV, Sumitomo Chemical Co. Ltd., Texas Instruments Inc., Toshiba Corp., Toyoda Gosei Co. Ltd., and TriQuint Semiconductor Inc. 
 
Research and Development 
 
Because the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability to compete successfully is heavily dependent upon its ability to ensure a
continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new products and technologies and to enhance existing products in the areas of computer hardware and peripherals,
mobile communication devices, consumer electronics products, system software, applications software, networking and communications software and solutions, and Internet services and solutions. The Company may expand the range of its product offerings
and intellectual property through licensing and acquisition of third-party business and technology. The Company’s research and development expenditures totaled $1.3 billion, $1.1 billion and $782 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

 
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses 
 
The Company currently holds rights to patents and copyrights relating to certain aspects of its computer systems, iPhone and iPod devices, peripherals, software and services. In addition, the Company has
registered and/or has applied to register, trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and a number of foreign countries for “Apple,” the Apple logo, “Macintosh,” “Mac,” “iPhone,” “iPod,”
“iTunes,” “iTunes Store,” “Apple TV,” “MobileMe” and numerous other trademarks and service marks. Although the Company believes the ownership of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and service marks is an
important factor in its business and that its success does depend in part on the ownership thereof, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel. 
 
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect inventions arising from its research and development, and is currently pursuing
thousands of patent applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a portfolio of several thousand issued patents in the U.S. and worldwide. In addition, the Company currently holds copyrights relating to certain aspects
of its products and services. No single patent or copyright is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products. The Company believes the duration of the applicable patents it has been granted is adequate relative to the expected lives
of its products. Due to the fast pace of innovation and product development, the Company’s products are often obsolete before the patents related to them expire, and sometimes are obsolete before the patents related to them are even granted.

 
Many of the Company’s products are designed to include intellectual property obtained from third parties. While it may
be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products and business methods, the Company believes, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms; however, there is no guarantee such licenses could be obtained at all. Because of technological changes in the computer, digital music player and mobile communications industries, current extensive patent coverage, and the rapid
rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible certain components of the Company’s products and business methods may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, the Company has been
notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 
 


11 






Table of Contents


Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data 
 
The U.S. represents the Company’s largest geographic marketplace. Approximately 54% of the Company’s net sales in 2009 came from
sales to customers inside the U.S. Final assembly of the Company’s products is currently performed in the Company’s manufacturing facility in Ireland, and by external vendors in California, Texas, the People’s Republic of China
(“China”), the Czech Republic and the Republic of Korea (“Korea”). Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by sole-sourced third-party vendors in the U.S., China, Germany, Ireland, Israel,
Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand and Singapore. Sole-sourced third-party vendors in China perform final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s portable Mac products, iPhone, iPods and most of
the Company’s desktop products. Margins on sales of the Company’s products in foreign countries, and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including tariffs and antidumping penalties. 
 
Information regarding
financial data by geographic segment is set forth in Part II, Item 7 and Item 8 of this Form 10-K and in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements at Note 9, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.” 
 
Seasonal Business 
 
The
Company has historically experienced increased net sales in its first and fourth fiscal quarters compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due to seasonal demand related to the holiday season and the beginning of the school year. This historical
pattern should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company’s future net sales or financial performance. 
 
Warranty

 
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on most of its hardware products, including Mac computers,
iPhones and iPods. The basic warranty period is typically one year from the date of purchase by the original end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts used to repair the Company’s hardware products. In
addition, consumers may purchase the AppleCare Protection Plan, which extends service coverage on many of the Company’s hardware products in most of its major markets. 
 
Backlog 
 
In the Company’s experience, the actual amount of product
backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indication of its future business prospects. In particular, backlog often increases in anticipation of or immediately following new product introductions as dealers anticipate shortages. Backlog is
often reduced once dealers and customers believe they can obtain sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, backlog should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company’s ability to achieve any particular level of revenue or financial
performance. 
 
Environmental Laws 
 
Compliance with federal, state, local and foreign laws enacted for the protection of the environment has to date had no material effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive
position. In the future, compliance with environmental laws could materially adversely affect the Company. 
 
Production and
marketing of products in certain states and countries may subject the Company to environmental and other regulations including, in some instances, the requirement to provide customers the ability to return product at the end of its useful life, and
place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling with the Company. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in which the Company operates including various countries within Europe and Asia and certain
states and provinces within North America. Although the Company does not anticipate any material adverse effects in the future based on the nature of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there is no assurance that such existing laws or future
laws will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or operating results. 
 
 


12 






Table of Contents


Employees 
 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company had approximately 34,300 full-time equivalent employees and an additional 2,500 full-time equivalent temporary employees and contractors. 
 
Available Information 
 
The
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange
Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the Company’s website at

http://www.apple.com/investor
 when such reports are available on the SEC website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington,
DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at 
http://www.sec.gov
. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be
inactive textual references only. 
 
 






Item 1A.


Risk Factors 
 
Because of
the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not
use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
Economic conditions could materially adversely
affect the Company. 
 
The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions.
Uncertainty about current global economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses may continue to postpone spending in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values,
which could have a material negative effect on demand for the Company’s products and services. Demand also could differ materially from the Company’s expectations since the Company generally raises prices on goods and services sold outside
the U.S. to offset the effect of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, a trend that has been very pronounced recently. Other factors that could influence demand include increases in fuel and other energy costs, conditions in the real estate and
mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other economic factors could materially adversely affect demand for the
Company’s products and services and on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
In the event of
renewed financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets, additional consolidation of the financial services industry, or significant financial service institution failures, there could be a new or incremental tightening in
the credit markets, low liquidity, and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency, and equity markets. In addition, the risk remains that there could be a number of follow-on effects from the credit crisis on the
Company’s business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance development and/or manufacture products resulting in product delays; inability of customers, including channel partners, to obtain
credit to finance purchases of the Company’s products and/or customer, including channel partner, insolvencies; and failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions negatively impacting the Company’s treasury
operations. Other income and expense also could vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial instruments; impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and
equity securities and other investments; interest rates; cash balances; and changes in fair value of derivative instruments. Increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty would increase the risk
of the actual amounts realized in the future on the Company’s financial instruments differing significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them. 
 
 



13 






Table of Contents


Uncertainty about current global economic conditions could also continue to increase the
volatility of the Company’s stock price. 
 
Global markets for personal computers, mobile communication devices, digital
music and video devices, and related peripherals and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If the Company is unable to compete effectively in these markets, its financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. 
 
The Company competes in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price
cutting, with resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption of
technological and product advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers. 
 
The Company’s
ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products and technologies to the marketplace. The Company believes it is unique in that it designs and develops nearly
the entire solution for its personal computers, mobile communication devices, and consumer electronics, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications, and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant
investments in research and development and as such, the Company currently holds a significant number of patents and copyrights and has registered and/or has applied to register numerous patents, trademarks and service marks. By contrast, many of
the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if other companies infringe
on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be negatively affected and its financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
In the market for personal computers and peripherals, the Company faces a significant number of competitors, many of which have broader
product lines, lower priced products, and larger installed customer bases. Consolidation in this market has resulted in larger and potentially stronger competitors. Price competition has been particularly intense as competitors selling Windows-based
personal computers have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. The Company also faces increased competition in key market segments, including consumer, SMB, education, enterprise, government and creative markets. An increasing number
of Internet devices that include software applications and are smaller and simpler than traditional personal computers compete for market share with the Company’s existing products. 
 
The Company is currently the only authorized maker of hardware using the Mac OS. The Mac OS has a minority market share in the personal computer market, which is dominated by
computer makers using competing operating systems, most notably Windows. The Company’s financial condition and operating results depend substantially on the Company’s ability to continually improve the Mac platform to maintain functional
and design advantages. Use of unauthorized copies of the Mac OS on other companies’ hardware products may result in decreased demand for the Company’s hardware products, and could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial
condition and operating results. 
 
The Company is currently focused on certain mobile communication devices, such as iPhone,
consumer electronic devices, including the iPod family of digital music and video players and third-party digital content and applications distribution. The Company faces substantial competition from companies that have significant technical,
marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. The Company also competes with illegitimate ways to obtain third-party digital content and applications. The Company
has only recently entered the mobile communications market, and many of its competitors in the mobile communications market have significantly greater experience, product breadth and distribution channels than the Company. Because some current and
potential competitors have substantial resources and experience and a lower cost structure, they may be able to provide such products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company also expects competition to intensify as
competitors attempt to

 
 


14 






Table of Contents



imitate the Company’s approach to providing these components seamlessly within their individual offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. 
 
The Company currently receives subsidies from its exclusive and non-exclusive carriers providing cellular network service for iPhone. There
is no assurance that such subsidies will be continued at all or in the same amounts upon renewal of the Company’s agreements with these carriers or in agreements the Company enters into with new carriers. 
 
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively. 
 
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent product introductions and transitions.

 
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics
industries, the Company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, and effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products. The success of new product introductions
depends on a number of factors including but not limited to timely and successful product development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new products and production ramp issues, the availability of
application software for new products, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and costs to meet anticipated demand, and
the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Company cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect of new product introductions and transitions on its financial condition and
operating results. 
 
The Company faces substantial inventory and other asset risk. 
 
The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or net
realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. The Company also reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changed circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. If the Company determines that impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market value. Although the Company believes its inventory
and other asset related provisions are currently adequate, no assurance can be given that, given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the global personal computer, mobile communication, and consumer electronics industries, the
Company will not incur additional inventory or asset related charges. Such charges have, and could, materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Consistent with industry practice, components are normally
acquired through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, open orders and, where appropriate, prepayments, in each case based on projected demand. Such purchase commitments typically cover forecasted component and manufacturing
requirements for 30 to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient
inventories of components or products. The Company’s financial condition and operating results have been in the past and could be in the future materially adversely affected by the Company’s ability to manage its inventory levels and
respond to short-term shifts in customer demand patterns. 
 
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability
to obtain key components including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable prices and in sufficient quantities. 
 
Because the Company currently obtains certain key components including but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain LCDs, certain optical drives, and ASICs, from single or limited sources, the
Company is

 
 


15 






Table of Contents



subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key components that are available from multiple sources including but not limited to NAND flash memory, DRAM and certain
LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. The Company has entered into certain agreements for the supply of key components including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory,
DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwise obtain favorable pricing in the future. The follow-on
effects from the credit crisis on the Company’s key suppliers, referred to in “
Economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company”
 above, which is incorporated herein by reference, also could affect the
Company’s ability to obtain key components. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and/or price increases that could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating
results. The Company expects to experience decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as compared to levels achieved during 2009 and 2008, due largely to the anticipated impact of product transitions, flat or reduced pricing on new
and innovative products that have higher cost structures, both expected and potential future cost increases for key components, a stronger U.S. dollar and higher logistical costs. For additional information refer to Part II, Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” under the subheading “Gross Margin,” which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries compete for various
components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. The Company uses some custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries.
The Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source until the Company has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new
technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those
suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. If the supply of a key single-sourced component for a new or existing product were delayed or
constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. 
 
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided
by third parties, many of whom are located outside of the U.S. 
 
Most of the Company’s components and products are
manufactured in whole or in part by a few third-party manufacturers. Many of these manufacturers are located outside of the U.S., and are concentrated in several general locations. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and
logistics management. While these arrangements may lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity
of products or services, or the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. In addition, the Company relies on third-party manufacturers to adhere to the Company’s supplier code of conduct. Although arrangements with such
manufacturers may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, the Company may remain responsible to the consumer for warranty service in the event of product defects. Any unanticipated product defect or warranty liability, whether
pursuant to arrangements with contract manufacturers or otherwise, could materially adversely affect the Company’s reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
 
Final assembly of the Company’s products is currently performed in the Company’s manufacturing facility in Ireland, and by external vendors in California, Texas, China, the
Czech Republic and Korea. Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by sole-sourced third-party vendors in the U.S., China, Germany, Ireland, Israel Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Netherlands, the Philippines,
Taiwan, Thailand and Singapore. Sole-sourced third-party vendors in China perform final assembly of substantially all of the

 
 


16 






Table of Contents



Company’s portable Mac products, iPhones, iPods and most of the Company’s desktop products. If manufacturing or logistics in these locations is disrupted for any reason, including
natural disasters, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. 
 
The Company relies on third-party digital content and applications, which may not be available to the Company on
commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
The Company contracts with certain third parties to offer their digital content
and applications through the Company’s iTunes Store. The Company pays substantial fees to obtain the rights to audio and video content. The Company’s licensing arrangements with these third parties are short-term and do not guarantee the
continuation or renewal of these arrangements on reasonable terms, if at all. Some third-party content providers currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and could take action to make it more difficult or impossible for
the Company to license their content in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the total cost of, such content. If the Company is unable to continue to offer a wide
variety of content at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, or continue to expand its geographic reach, the Company’s financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
Many third-party content providers require that the Company provide certain digital rights management (“DRM”) and other security
solutions. If these requirements change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is no assurance the Company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely
manner. In addition, certain countries have passed or may propose legislation that would force the Company to license its DRM, which could lessen the protection of content and subject it to piracy and also could affect arrangements with the
Company’s content providers. 
 
The Company relies on access to third-party patents and intellectual property, and the
Company’s future results could be materially adversely affected if it is alleged or found to have infringed intellectual property rights. 
 
Many of the Company’s products are designed to include third-party intellectual property, and in the future the Company may need to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products
and business methods. Although the Company believes that, based on past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on reasonable terms, there is no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on
acceptable terms or at all. 
 
Because of technological changes in the global personal computer, mobile communication and
consumer electronics industries, current extensive patent coverage, and the rapid issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain components of the Company’s products and business methods may unknowingly infringe the patents or other
intellectual property rights of third parties. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing such rights. Regardless of merit, responding to such claims can consume significant time and expense. At present, the Company
is vigorously defending more than 47 patent infringement cases, 27 of which were filed during fiscal 2009, and several pending claims are in various stages of evaluation. In certain cases, the Company may consider the desirability of entering into
licensing agreements, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. If the Company is found to be infringing such rights, it may be required to pay substantial damages.
If there is a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting the Company from marketing or selling certain products or a successful claim of infringement against the Company requires it to pay royalties to a third party, the Company’s financial
condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected, regardless of whether it can develop non-infringing technology. While in management’s opinion the Company does not have a potential liability for damages or royalties from
any known current legal proceedings or claims related to the infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results, the
results of such legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should

 
 


17 






Table of Contents



the Company fail to prevail in any of the matters related to infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights of others or should several of these matters be resolved against the
Company in the same reporting period, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
With the June 2007 introduction of iPhone, the Company has begun to compete with mobile communication device companies that hold significant patent portfolios. Regardless of the scope or validity of
such patents or the merits of any potential patent claims by competitors, the Company may have to engage in protracted litigation, enter into expensive agreements or settlements and/or modify its products. Any of these events could
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company’s future
performance depends on support from third-party software developers. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products.

 
The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products, including its Macs, iPhones and iPods, are
often based to a certain extent on the availability of third-party software applications and services. There is no assurance that third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain applications and services for the Company’s products
on a timely basis or at all, and discontinuance or delay of these applications and services could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
With respect to its Mac products, the Company believes the availability of third-party software applications and services depends in part on the developers’ perception and
analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading such software for the Company’s products compared to Windows-based products. This analysis may be based on factors such as the perceived strength of the Company and its
products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, continued acceptance by customers of Mac OS X, and the costs of developing such applications and services. If the Company’s minority share of the global personal computer market causes
developers to question the Company’s prospects, developers could be less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Company’s products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for the larger
Windows market. The Company’s development of its own software applications and services may also negatively affect the decisions of third-party developers, such as Microsoft, Adobe and Google, to develop, maintain, and upgrade similar or
competitive software and services for the Company’s products. Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard (“Mac OS X Leopard”), which became available in October 2007, includes a new feature that enables Intel-based Mac systems to run Microsoft
Windows XP and Windows Vista operating systems. This feature may deter developers from creating software applications for Mac OS X if such applications are already available for the Windows platform. 
 
With respect to iPhone and iPod touch, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative
software applications. Unlike third-party software applications for Mac products, the software applications for the iPhone and iPod touch platforms are distributed through a single distribution channel, the App Store. The absence of multiple
distribution channels, which are available for competing platforms, may limit the availability and acceptance of third-party applications by the Company’s customers, thereby causing developers to curtail significantly, or stop, development for
the Company’s platforms. In addition, iPhone and iPod touch are subject to rapid technological change, and, if third-party developers are unable to keep up with this pace of change, third-party applications might not successfully operate and
may result in dissatisfied customers. Further, if the Company develops its own software applications and services, such development may negatively affect the decisions of third-party developers to develop, maintain, and upgrade similar or
competitive applications for the iPhone and iPod touch platforms. As with applications for the Company’s Mac products, the availability and development of these applications also depend on developers’ perceptions and analysis of the
relative benefits of developing software for the Company’s products rather than its competitors’ products, including devices that use competing platforms. If developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and
quality of applications for the Company’s devices may suffer. 
 
 


18 






Table of Contents


The Company’s future operating performance depends on the performance of
distributors, carriers and other resellers. 
 
The Company distributes its products through wholesalers, resellers, national
and regional retailers, value-added resellers, and cataloguers, many of whom distribute products from competing manufacturers. The Company also sells many of its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to
end-users, certain education customers, and certain resellers through its online and retail stores. iPhone is distributed through the Company, its cellular network carriers’ distribution channels and certain third-party resellers. 


Many resellers operate on narrow operating margins and have been negatively affected in the past by weak economic conditions. Some
resellers have perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sales as conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of the Company’s products. Such a perception could discourage resellers from investing
resources in the distribution and sale of the Company’s products or lead them to limit or cease distribution of those products. The Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected if the financial
condition of these resellers weakens, if resellers stopped distributing the Company’s products, or if uncertainty regarding demand for the Company’s products caused resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’s
products. The Company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors and improving product placement displays. These programs
could require a substantial investment while providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. 
 
The Company’s
retail business has required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. 
 
Through September 26, 2009, the Company had opened 273 retail stores. The Company’s retail stores have required substantial fixed investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information
systems, inventory and personnel. The Company also has entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space with terms ranging from five to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten years. Certain stores have been designed and
built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activities. Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more investment than
the Company’s more typical retail stores. Due to the high fixed cost structure associated with the Retail segment, a decline in sales or the closure or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease
termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements, and severance costs that could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, pose risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect the Company’s
financial condition and operating results. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, macro-economic factors that could have a negative effect on general retail activity, as well as the Company’s inability to manage costs
associated with store construction and operation, inability to sell third-party products at adequate margins, failure to manage relationships with existing retail channel partners, more challenging environment in managing retail operations outside
the U.S., costs associated with unanticipated fluctuations in the value of retail inventory, and inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost. 
 
Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. 
 
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant
risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenue to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the strategy, inadequate return of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered
in the Company’s due diligence. Because

 
 


19 






Table of Contents



these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and initiatives will be successful and will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial
condition and operating results. 
 
The Company’s products and services experience quality problems from time to time
that can result in decreased sales and operating margin. 
 
The Company sells highly complex hardware and software products
and services that can contain defects in design and manufacture. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the software’s
intended operation. Defects may also occur in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, software and services it sells. Failure
to do so could result in lost revenue, harm to reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
In certain countries, including the U.S., the Company relies on a single cellular network carrier to provide service for iPhone. 


 
In the U.S., Germany, Spain, Ireland and certain other countries, the Company has contracted with a single carrier to provide
cellular network services for iPhone on an exclusive basis. If these exclusive carriers cannot successfully compete with other carriers in their markets on any basis, including but not limited to the quality and coverage of wireless voice and data
services, performance and timely build-out of advanced wireless networks, and pricing and other terms of conditions of end-user contracts, or if these exclusive carriers fail to promote iPhone aggressively or favor other handsets in their promotion
and sales activities or service plans, sales may be materially adversely affected. 
 
The Company is subject to risks
associated with laws, regulations and industry-imposed standards related to mobile communications devices. 
 
Laws and
regulations related to mobile communications devices in the many jurisdictions in which the Company operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes, which could include but are not limited to restrictions on production, manufacture,
distribution, and use of the device, locking the device to a carrier’s network, or mandating the use of the device on more than one carrier’s network, could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating
results. 
 
Mobile communication devices, such as iPhone, are subject to certification and regulation by governmental and
standardization bodies, as well as by cellular network carriers for use on their networks. These certification processes are extensive and time consuming, and could result in additional testing requirements, product modifications or delays in
product shipment dates, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company’s success depends largely on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 
 
Much of
the Company’s future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its CEO, its executive team and highly skilled employees in technical, marketing and staff positions. Experienced personnel in the
technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are located. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to attract
and retain key personnel. 
 
In addition, the Company has relied on equity awards in the form of stock options and restricted
stock units as one means for recruiting and retaining highly skilled talent. Significant adverse volatility in the Company’s stock price could result in a stock option’s exercise price exceeding the underlying stock’s market value or
a significant deterioration in the value of restricted stock units granted, thus lessening the effectiveness of stock-based awards for retaining employees. 
 
 


20 






Table of Contents


Political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and other
circumstances could materially adversely affect the Company. 
 
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health
issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on the Company, its suppliers, logistics providers,
manufacturing vendors and customers, including channel partners. The Company’s business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health
issues, and other events beyond its control. Such events could decrease demand for the Company’s products, make it difficult or impossible for the Company to make and deliver products to its customers, including channel partners, or to receive
components from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, the Company could be negatively affected by more stringent employee travel
restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in the operations of the Company’s manufacturing
vendors and component suppliers. The majority of the Company’s research and development activities, its corporate headquarters, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, including certain component suppliers and
manufacturing vendors, are located near major seismic faults. Because the Company does not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, the Company’s financial
condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake. 
 
The Company may
be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. 
 
Information
technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security caused by such factors including without limitation earthquakes, fire, theft, or other causes could disrupt the Company’s operations by causing delays or cancellation
of customer, including channel partner, orders, negatively affecting the Company’s online, iTunes, MobileMe and retail offerings and services, impeding the manufacture or shipment of products, processing transactions and reporting financial
results, resulting in the unintentional disclosure of customer or Company information, or damage to the Company’s reputation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing sophisticated network security and internal
control measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or loss or data security breach will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate for a variety of reasons. 
 
The Company’s profit margins vary among its products and its distribution channels. The Company’s software, accessories, and
service and support contracts generally have higher gross margins than certain of the Company’s other products. Gross margins on the Company’s hardware products vary across product lines and can change over time as a result of product
transitions, pricing and configuration changes, and component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. The Company’s direct sales generally have higher associated gross margins than its indirect sales through its channel partners. In addition,
the Company’s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be materially adversely impacted as a result of a shift in product, geographic or channel mix, new products, component cost increases,
strengthening U.S. dollar, or price competition. The Company has typically experienced greater net sales in the first and fourth fiscal quarters compared to the second and third fiscal quarters due to seasonal demand related to the holiday season
and the beginning of the school year, respectively. Furthermore, the Company sells more products from time-to-time during the third month of a quarter than it does during either of the first two months. Developments late in a quarter, such as
lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products, an internal systems failure, or failure of one of the Company’s key logistics, components supply, or manufacturing partners, could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
 


21 






Table of Contents


The Company’s stock price continues to be volatile. 
 
The Company’s stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility due to a number of factors, including but not limited to
variations between its actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by the Company and its competitors, and uncertainty about current global economic conditions. The stock market as a whole also has experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Furthermore, the Company believes its stock price reflects high future growth and
profitability expectations. If the Company fails to meet these expectations its stock price may significantly decline. 
 
The
Company’s business is subject to the risks of international operations. 
 
The Company derives a large and growing
portion of its revenue and earnings from its international operations. Compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to the Company’s international operations, including without limitation import and export requirements, the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, labor laws, and anti-competition regulations, increases the costs of
doing business in foreign jurisdictions, and such costs may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. Furthermore, the Company has implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate
compliance with these laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that the Company’s employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Company’s policies. Any such violations could individually or
in the aggregate materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or operating results. 
 
The Company’s
financial condition and operating results also could be significantly affected by other risks associated with international activities, including but not limited to, economic and labor conditions, political instability, and changes in the value of
the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. Margins on sales of the Company’s products in foreign countries, and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely affected by foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including duties, tariffs and antidumping penalties. 
 
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relate to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales in Europe, Japan, Australia, Canada and certain parts of Asia, as well as non-U.S. dollar denominated operating
expenses incurred throughout the world. Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally will lead the
Company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for the Company’s products. In some circumstances, due to competition or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise local prices to the full extent of the dollar’s
strengthening, or at all, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies, while generally beneficial to the Company’s
foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Company to reduce international pricing, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may also increase the Company’s cost of product components
denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins. 
 
The Company has used derivative instruments, such as
foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of
unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. 
 
The Company is exposed to
credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio. 
 
Although the Company has not recognized any
material losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, any significant future declines in their market values could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. Given the global nature
of its business, the Company has investments

 
 


22 






Table of Contents



both domestically and internationally. Additionally, the Company’s overall investment portfolio has concentrations in the financial sector, which has been negatively impacted by adverse
market liquidity conditions in the recent past. Credit ratings and pricing of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, financial results, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of the
Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements. This risk is
heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen. 
 
A substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade
receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. The Company also has unsecured non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by contract manufacturers and other vendors that manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble final
products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of certain inventory components. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on
its trade and non-trade receivables as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition
and operating results. 
 
The matters relating to the Company’s past stock option practices and its restatement of
consolidated financial statements may result in additional litigation. 
 
The Company’s investigation into its past
stock option practices and its restatement of prior financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006 gave rise to litigation and government investigations. As described in Part I, Item 3,
“Legal Proceedings,” several derivative and class action complaints regarding stock options were filed against the Company and current and former officers and directors. These actions have been dismissed following a comprehensive
settlement. Two former officers of the Company were also named as defendants in an SEC enforcement action, which has been settled. 
 
No assurance can be given that additional actions will not be filed against the Company and current and former officers and directors as a result of past stock option practices. If such actions are filed and result in adverse findings, the
remedies could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Unfavorable
results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect the Company. 
 
The Company is subject to various legal
proceedings and claims that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of its business and are not yet resolved and additional claims may arise in the future. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of merit,
litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into material settlements.
Should the Company fail to prevail in certain matters, or should several of these matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against it that
would materially adversely affect a portion of its business and might materially affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company is subject to risks associated with laws and regulations related to health, safety and environmental protection. 
 
The Company’s products and services, and the production and distribution of those goods and services, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These may require the
Company to offer customers the ability to return a product at the end of its useful life and place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling with the Company. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in
which the Company

 
 


23 






Table of Contents



operates, including various countries within Europe and Asia and certain states and provinces within North America. Although the Company does not anticipate any material adverse effects based on
the nature of its operations and the focus of such laws, there is no assurance such existing laws or future laws will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Changes in the Company’s tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect
its future results. 
 
The Company is subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The
Company’s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their
interpretation. In addition, the current administration and Congress have recently announced proposals for new U.S. tax legislation that, if adopted, could adversely affect the Company’s tax rate. Any of these changes could have a material
adverse affect on the Company’s profitability. The Company is also subject to the continual examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition
and operating results. 
 
The Company is subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage of insurance. 


 
For certain risks, the Company does not maintain insurance coverage because of cost and/or availability. Because the
Company retains some portion of its insurable risks, and in some cases self-insures completely, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating
results. 
 
 






Item 1B.


Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
None. 
 
 






Item 2.


Properties 
 
The
Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 26, 2009, the Company owned and leased approximately 19.7 million square feet of space, primarily in the U.S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan,
Canada, and the Asia Pacific region. The Company’s total leased space was approximately 4.5 million square feet, of which approximately 2.0 million square feet was retail space, a majority of which is in the U.S. 
 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company owned a manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also housed a customer support call center
and facilities in Elk Grove, California that included warehousing and distribution operations and a customer support call center. In addition, the Company owned facilities for research and development and corporate functions in Cupertino,
California, including land for the future development of the Company’s second corporate campus. The Company also owned a data center in Newark, California and, during 2009, purchased additional land in North Carolina for a future data center
facility. Outside the U.S., the Company owned additional facilities for various purposes. 
 
The Company believes its existing
facilities and equipment are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. The Company has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships with outside manufacturing vendors, and believes it has adequate
manufacturing capacity for the foreseeable future. The Company continues to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand for its products. 
 
 



24 






Table of Contents






Item 3.


Legal Proceedings 
 
As of
September 26, 2009, the end of the annual period covered by this report, the Company was subject to the various legal proceedings and claims discussed below, as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully
resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that would individually or in the aggregate
materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the Company fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal
matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2009 that did not
individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Bader v. Anderson, et al. 
 
Plaintiff filed this purported shareholder derivative action against the Company and
each of its then current executive officers and members of its Board of Directors on May 19, 2005 in Santa Clara County Superior Court asserting claims for breach of fiduciary duty, material misstatements and omissions and violations of
California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition). The complaint alleged that the Company’s March 14, 2005, proxy statement was false and misleading for failure to disclose certain information relating to the
Apple Computer, Inc. Performance Bonus Plan, which was approved by shareholders at the annual meeting held on April 21, 2005. Plaintiff, who ostensibly brought suit on the Company’s behalf, made no demand on the Board of Directors and
alleged that such demand was excused. The complaint sought injunctive and other relief for purported injury to the Company. On July 27, 2005, plaintiff filed an amended complaint alleging that, in addition to the purported derivative claims,
adoption of the bonus plan and distribution of the proxy statement describing that plan also inflicted injury on her directly as an individual shareholder. On January 10, 2006, the Court sustained defendants’ demurrer to the amended
complaint, with leave to amend. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on February 7, 2006, and the Company filed a demurrer. After a hearing on June 13, 2006, the Court sustained the demurrer without leave to amend as to the
non-director officers and with leave to amend as to the directors. On July 24, 2006, plaintiff filed a third amended complaint, which purported to bring claims derivatively as well as directly on behalf of a class of common stockholders who
have been or will be harmed by virtue of the allegedly misleading proxy statement. In addition to reasserting prior causes of action, the third amended complaint included a claim that the Company violated the terms of the plan, and a claim for waste
related to restricted stock unit grants to certain officers in 2003 and 2004 and an option grant to the Company’s CEO in January 2000. The Company filed a demurrer to the third amended complaint. On January 30, 2007, the Court sustained
the Company’s demurrer with leave to amend. On May 8, 2007, plaintiff filed a fourth amended complaint. The Company filed a demurrer to the fourth amended complaint, which the Court sustained, without leave to amend, on October 12,
2007. On October 25, 2007, the Court entered a final judgment in favor of defendant and ordered the case dismissed with prejudice. On November 26, 2007, plaintiff filed a notice of appeal. A hearing on plaintiff’s appeal is scheduled
for October 29, 2009. 
 
Birdsong v. Apple Computer, Inc. 
 
This action alleges that the Company’s iPod music players, and the ear bud headphones sold with them, are inherently defective in design and are sold without adequate warnings
concerning the risk of noise-induced hearing loss by iPod users. The Birdsong action was initially filed on January 30, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana asserting Louisiana causes of action on
behalf of a purported Louisiana class of iPod purchasers. A similar action
 (Patterson v. Apple Computer, Inc.)
 was filed on January 31, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California asserting California
causes of action on behalf of a purported class of all iPod purchasers within the four-year period before January 31, 2006. The Birdsong action was transferred to the Northern District of California, and the Patterson action was dismissed. An
amended complaint was subsequently filed in Birdsong, dropping the Louisiana law-based claims and adding California law-based claims equivalent to those in Patterson. After the Company filed a motion to

 
 


25 






Table of Contents



dismiss on November 3, 2006, plaintiffs agreed not to oppose the motion and filed a second amended complaint on January 16, 2007. That complaint alleges California law-based claims for
breaches of implied and express warranties, violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), California Business & Professions Code §17500 (false advertising), the Consumer Legal Remedies
Act and negligent misrepresentation on behalf of a putative nationwide class and a Louisiana law-based claim for redhibition for a Louisiana sub-class. On March 1, 2007, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the California law-based claims,
which was heard on June 4, 2007. On December 14, 2007, the Court issued an order granting the Company’s motion, with leave to amend the complaint. On January 11, 2008, plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint, which seeks
restitution, injunctive relief, unspecified damages and attorneys’ fees. On February 15, 2008, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint. On June 16, 2008, the Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss
the third amended complaint with prejudice. On July 11, 2008, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. A hearing on plaintiffs’ appeal took place on October 8, 2009. 
 
A similar complaint,
 Royer-Brennan v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Apple Canada, Inc.,
 was filed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on February 1, 2006, seeking authorization to
institute a class action on behalf of iPod purchasers in Quebec. Plaintiffs filed a motion to amend their complaint to add a minor plaintiff and claims regarding alleged risks of hearing loss to young people. The hearing on the motion to amend took
place on April 24, 2009, and the Court denied plaintiffs’ motion with leave to resubmit it. 
 
Branning et al. v.
Apple Computer, Inc. 
 
Plaintiffs originally filed this purported class action in San Francisco County Superior Court on
February 17, 2005. The initial complaint alleged violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and violation of the Consumer Legal Remedies Act regarding a variety of purportedly unfair and
unlawful conduct including but not limited to allegedly selling used computers as new and failing to honor warranties. Plaintiffs also brought causes of action for misappropriation of trade secrets, breach of contract and violation of the
Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Act. Plaintiffs requested unspecified damages and other relief. On May 2, 2005, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding two new named plaintiffs and three new causes of action including a claim for treble
damages under the Cartwright Act (California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq.) and a claim for false advertising. On May 9, 2005, the Court granted the Company’s motion to transfer the case to Santa Clara County
Superior Court. The Company filed a demurrer to the amended complaint, which the Court sustained in its entirety on November 10, 2005. The Court granted plaintiffs leave to amend and they filed an amended complaint on December 29, 2005.
Plaintiffs’ amended complaint added three plaintiffs and alleged many of the same factual claims as the previous complaints, such as alleged selling of used equipment as new, alleged failure to honor warranties and service contracts for the
consumer plaintiffs, and alleged fraud related to the opening of the Apple retail stores. Plaintiffs continued to assert causes of action for unfair competition (§17200), violations of the Consumer Legal Remedies Act, breach of contract,
misappropriation of trade secrets, violations of the Cartwright Act, and alleged new causes of action for fraud, conversion, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Company filed a demurrer to the amended complaint on
January 31, 2006, which the Court sustained on March 3, 2006 on sixteen of seventeen causes of action. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding one new plaintiff. The Company filed a demurrer, which was granted in part on
September 9, 2006. Plaintiffs filed a further amended complaint on September 21, 2006. On October 2, 2006, the Company filed an answer denying all allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. On November 30, 2007, the
Company filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings, which the Court denied. Plaintiffs filed a Fifth Amended Complaint on March 19, 2008 and a Corrected Fifth Amended Complaint on April 1, 2008. The Company filed an answer to the
Corrected Fifth Amended Complaint on April 18, 2008. The Company filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings for an order dismissing plaintiffs’ fraud claim based upon the statute of limitations, which was granted by the Court on
June 24, 2008, with leave to amend. Plaintiffs filed a Sixth Amended Complaint on July 14, 2008 and a Seventh Amended Complaint on August 22, 2008, adding three new reseller plaintiffs. On August 22, 2008, plaintiffs also filed a
motion to certify the consumer class. On September 22, 2008, the Company filed its answer to the consumer-related claims denying all allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses, and also filed a

 
 


26 






Table of Contents



demurrer to the new reseller claims, which the Court heard on January 30, 2009. The Court sustained the demurrer as to all plaintiffs except one, with leave to amend. Plaintiffs filed an
Eighth Amended Complaint further amending the reseller claims on February 24, 2009, and on March 26, 2009, the Company filed a demurrer which was overruled, and a motion to strike which was denied. The Company filed motions for summary
adjudication for certain claims of two named plaintiffs, which the Court granted on November 10, 2008. Plaintiffs petitioned the Court of Appeal for a writ of certiorari from the summary adjudication ruling and a motion to stay the class
certification hearing, which the Court of Appeal denied on December 17, 2008. On December 19, 2008, the Court held a hearing on plaintiffs’ class certification motion. The Court requested further briefing and an additional hearing,
which did not take place because on February 23, 2009, Hon. Jamie A. Jacobs-May disqualified herself from the case. The Company filed a petition for a writ of mandate from this order, which the Court of Appeal denied on May 19, 2009. The
case has been reassigned to Hon. Joseph H. Huber. The class certification hearing on the consumer-related claims took place on July 14, 2009. The Company has filed two additional motions for summary adjudication as to all of the named
plaintiffs’ claims. The Company has also filed a motion to sever the consumer class and the reseller class for the purpose of trial. Plaintiffs’ motion for class certification of the reseller class is due November 16, 2009.

 
Harvey v. Apple Inc. 
 
Plaintiff filed this action on August 6, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement by the Company of U.S. Patent
No. 6,753,671 entitled “Recharger for use with a portable electronic device and which includes a proximally located light emitting device” and U.S. Patent No. 6,762,584 entitled “Recharger for use with a portable electronic
device and which includes a connector terminus for communicating with rechargeable batteries contained within the device.” The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on October 12, 2007 denying
all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity. On April 7, 2008, plaintiff filed an amended complaint further alleging
infringement of the reissue patent of U.S. Patent No. 6,753,671. On April 28, 2008, the Company filed an answer denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for
declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity. The Markman hearing is set for October 28, 2009, and trial is scheduled for April 5, 2010. On February 3, 2009, the Court stayed the proceedings pending the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office’s allowance of the ‘671 reissue patent. On July 7, 2009, the Company filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California. On September 19, 2009, the Company filed a motion to vacate the
Markman hearing set for October 28, 2009, given the still pending reissue proceeding regarding U.S. Patent No. 6,753,671. 
 
Honeywell International, Inc., et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc., et al. 
 
Plaintiffs Honeywell
International, Inc. and Honeywell Intellectual Properties, Inc. filed this action on October 6, 2004 in the United States District Court in Delaware alleging infringement by the Company and other defendants of U.S. Patent
No. 5,280,371 entitled “Directional Diffuser for a Liquid Crystal Display.” Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on December 21, 2004 denying all material allegations and asserting
numerous affirmative defenses. The Company has tendered the case to several liquid crystal display manufacturer suppliers. On May 18, 2005 the Court stayed the case against the Company and the other non-manufacturer defendants. Plaintiffs filed
an amended complaint on November 7, 2005 adding additional defendants and expanding the scope of the accused products. The Company’s response to the amended complaint is not yet due. On April 2, 2008, the Court lifted the stay for the
purpose of determining whether the liquid crystal display manufacturer suppliers used by the Company and certain other defendants are licensed under the ‘371 patent. On October 31, 2008, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of
non-infringement based on the contention that its suppliers are licensed under the ‘371 patent. A hearing on the motion has been postponed and has not been rescheduled. 
 
 


27 






Table of Contents


In re Apple iPod Nano Products Liability Litigation (formerly Wimmer v. Apple Computer,
Inc.; Moschella, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Calado, et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Kahan, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Jennings, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Rappel v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Mayo v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Valencia v.
Apple Computer, Inc.; Williamson v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Sioson v. Apple Computer, Inc. 
 
Beginning on October 19,
2005, eight complaints were filed in various United States District Courts and two complaints were filed in California State Court alleging that the Company’s iPod nano was defectively designed so that it scratches excessively during normal
use, rendering the screen unreadable. 
 
The federal actions were coordinated in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California and assigned to the Hon. Ronald Whyte pursuant to an April 17, 2006 order of the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. Plaintiffs filed a First Consolidated and Amended Master Complaint on
September 21, 2006, alleging violations of California and other states’ consumer protection and warranty laws and claiming unjust enrichment. The Master Complaint alleges two putative plaintiff classes: (1) all U.S. residents
(excluding California residents) who purchased an iPod nano that was not manufactured or designed using processes necessary to ensure normal resistance to scratching of the screen; and (2) all iPod nano purchasers other than U.S. residents who
purchased an iPod nano that was not manufactured or designed using processes necessary to ensure normal resistance to scratching of the screen. The Company answered the Master Complaint on November 20, 2006. 
 
The two California State Court actions were coordinated on May 4, 2006, and assigned to the Hon. Carl West in Los Angeles County
Superior Court. Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint on June 8, 2006, alleging violations of California state consumer protection, unfair competition, false advertising and warranty laws and claiming unjust enrichment.
The Consolidated Complaint alleges a putative plaintiff class of all California residents who own an iPod nano containing a manufacturing defect that results in the nano being susceptible to excessive scratching. The Company answered the
Consolidated Amended Complaint on October 6, 2006. The parties have reached a settlement and on April 28, 2009, the Court granted final approval of the settlement. On May 21, 2009, an objector filed a notice of appeal. 
 
Individual Networks, LLC v. Apple, Inc. 
 
Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on April 24, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent
No. 7,117,516, entitled “Method and System for Providing a Customized Media List.” Plaintiff alleges certain features of the iTunes store infringe the patent. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed
an answer on July 2, 2007, denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity, as well as a counterclaim against
Individual Networks LLC for infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,724,567. The trial is scheduled for November 9, 2009. The Company has filed a petition with the United States Patent and Trademark Office requesting reexamination of U.S. Patent
No. 7,117,516. The Markman hearing took place on October 8, 2008, and the Court issued its Markman ruling on January 12, 2009. The Company filed a motion for summary judgment of inequitable conduct on April 10, 2009, and filed
motions for summary judgment of invalidity and lack of written description on April 30, 2009. The Company has also filed a motion to exclude portions of plaintiff’s expert’s report and testimony regarding damages. Plaintiff has filed
a motion to exclude damages testimony relating to U.S. Patent No. 5,724,567. The Company has also filed a motion for sanctions. 
 
Mediostream, Inc. v. Acer America Corp. et al. 
 
Plaintiff filed this action against the Company, Acer America
Corp., Dell, Inc. and Gateway, Inc. on August 28, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,009,655, entitled “Method and System for
Direct Recording of Video Information onto a Disk Medium.” An amended complaint was served on November 7, 2007. The amended complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. On January 25, 2008, the Company filed an answer to the

 
 


28 






Table of Contents



complaint denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses and also filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California, which the Court denied.
The Markman hearing is set for August 4, 2010 and trial is scheduled for January 4, 2011. 
 
Nokia Corporation v.
Apple Inc. 
 
Plaintiff Nokia Corporation filed this action against the Company on October 22, 2009 in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,802,465, U.S. Patent No. 5,862,178, U.S. Patent No. 5,946,651, U.S. Patent No. 6,359,904, U.S. Patent No. 6,694,135, U.S. Patent No. 6,755,548, U.S.
Patent No. 6,882,727, U.S. Patent No. 7,009,940, U.S. Patent No. 7,092,672, and U.S. Patent No. 7,403,621. The complaint alleges that these patents are essential to one or more of the GSM, UMTS and 802.11 wireless communications standards, and that
the Company has the right to license these patents from plaintiff on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms and conditions. Plaintiff seeks unspecified FRAND compensation and other relief. The Company’s response to
the complaint is not yet due. The Company intends to defend the case vigorously. 
 
OPTi Inc. v. Apple Inc. 


Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on January 16, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 5,710,906, 5,813,036 and 6,405,291, all entitled “Predictive Snooping of Cache Memory for Master-Initiated Accesses.” The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other
relief. The Company filed an answer on April 17, 2007 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity. The Markman
hearing took place on November 26, 2008 and the Court issued its Markman ruling on December 5, 2008. On April 3, 2009, the Court ruled that the accused computers sold between 2005 and 2007 infringed the ’291 patent. A trial
regarding validity, damages and willfulness commenced on April 17, 2009. On April 23, 2009, the jury returned a verdict that the patent was valid and willfully infringed, and awarded $19 million in damages. On May 1, 2009, plaintiff
filed a motion for entry of judgment, including a request for enhanced damages based on the willfulness finding, seeking a total of $31 million plus attorneys’ fees. The Company has opposed that motion and has filed its own motions for judgment
as a matter of law or, alternatively, for a new trial and/or remittitur, on the issues of validity, willfulness and damages. The Court has not entered a judgment and has not set hearing dates for any of the pending motions. 
 
Saito Shigeru Kenchiku Kenkyusho (Shigeru Saito Architecture Institute) v. iPod; Apple Japan Inc. v. Shigeru Saito Architecture Institute

 
Plaintiff Saito filed a petition in the Japan Customs Office in Tokyo on January 23, 2007 alleging infringement
by the Company of Japanese Patent No. 3852854, entitled “Touch Operation Input Device and Electronic Parts Thereof.” The petition sought an order barring the importation into Japan of fifth generation iPods and second generation
iPod nanos. The Customs Office held a hearing on March 22, 2007. The Customs Office rejected the petition to bar importation and dismissed plaintiff’s case. 
 
Apple Japan, Inc. filed a Declaratory Judgment action against Saito on February 6, 2007 in the Tokyo District Court, seeking a declaration that the ‘854 patent is invalid and not infringed.
Saito filed a Counter Complaint for infringement seeking damages. Plaintiff filed a motion to add new accused products into the case, which the Court granted at a hearing on June 30, 2009. 
 
St-Germain v. Apple Canada, Inc. 
 
Plaintiff filed this case in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on August 5, 2005, seeking authorization to institute a class action for the refund by the Company of the Canadian Private Copying Levy that was
applied to the iPod

 
 


29 






Table of Contents



purchase price in Quebec between December 12, 2003 and December 14, 2004 but later declared invalid by the Canadian Court. The Company has completed a refund program for this levy. A
class certification hearing took place January 13, 2006. On February 24, 2006, the Court granted class certification and notice was published during the last week of March 2006. The trial was conducted on October 15 and 16, 2007. On
January 11, 2008, the Court issued a ruling in plaintiff’s favor. The Court ruled that despite the Company’s good faith efforts with the levy refund program, the Company must pay the amount claimed, and that the class is comprised of
20,000 persons who purchased an iPod in Quebec between December 12, 2003 and December 14, 2004. The Court ordered the Company to submit a statement of account showing the amount received by the Canadian Private Copying Collective, and the
amount that has already been paid to class members in Quebec under the Company’s levy refund program. The Court also ordered the parties to submit further briefing regarding the collective recovery award by February 23, 2008. On
February 11, 2008, the Company filed an appeal. A hearing on the appeal is set for October 27, 2009. 
 
The Apple
iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerly Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple Inc. 
 
The first-listed action is a consolidated case combining two cases previously pending under the names 
Charoensak v. Apple Computer Inc. (formerly Slattery v. Apple Computer Inc.)
 and 
Tucker v.
Apple Computer, Inc
. The original plaintiff (Slattery) in the Charoensak case filed a purported class action on January 3, 2005 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging various claims including
alleged unlawful tying of music purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power. Plaintiff’s complaint alleged violations of §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act (15
U.S.C. §§1 and 2), California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq. (the Cartwright Act), California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), common law unjust enrichment and common law
monopolization. Plaintiff sought unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on February 10, 2005. On September 9, 2005, the Court denied the motion in part and granted it in part. Plaintiff filed an amended
complaint on September 23, 2005 and the Company filed an answer on October 18, 2005. In August 2006, the Court dismissed Slattery without prejudice and allowed plaintiffs to file an amended complaint naming two new plaintiffs (Charoensak
and Rosen). On November 2, 2006, the Company filed an answer to the amended complaint denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. 
 
The Tucker case was filed as a purported class action on July 21, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging various claims including alleged unlawful
tying of music and videos purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and vice versa and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power. The complaint alleges violations of §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act (15 U.S.C.
§§1 and 2), California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq. (the Cartwright Act), California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act.
Plaintiff sought unspecified damages and other relief. On November 3, 2006, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On December 20, 2006, the Court denied the motion to dismiss. On January 11, 2007, the Company filed an
answer denying all material allegations and asserting numerous defenses. 
 
On March 20, 2007, the Court consolidated the
two cases. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on April 19, 2007. On June 6, 2007, the Company filed an answer to the consolidated complaint denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. On
July 17, 2008, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification and on October 17, 2008, the Company filed its opposition to plaintiffs’ motion. The class certification hearing took place on December 16, 2008. On
December 22, 2008, the Court granted certification of the monopolization claims and denied without prejudice certification of the tying claims pending reconsideration of its denial of the Company’s motion to dismiss. On February 13,
2009, the Company filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings as to plaintiffs’ tying claims. On May 15, 2009, the Court issued an order granting the Company’s motion in part, dismissing the federal per se tying claim and related
state court tying claims and inviting the Company to file another motion for judgment on the pleadings if plaintiffs pursue a rule of reason

 
 


30 






Table of Contents



tying claim. On July 17, 2009, the Court invited the Company to file a motion for reconsideration of the certification of an injunctive-relief class or a motion to strike plaintiffs’
prayer for the type of injunctive relief sought. On August 3, 2009, the Company filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings as to the plaintiffs’ Rule of Reason tying claim. On August 31, 2009, the Company filed a motion seeking
reconsideration and denial of an injunctive relief class. The Company also filed a motion seeking decertification of the Rule 23(b)(3) damages class or alternatively for leave to move for reconsideration. A hearing on the Company’s motion for
judgment on the pleadings as to plaintiffs’ Rule of Reason tying claim took place on October 5, 2009. 
 
A related
complaint, 
Somers v. Apple Inc
., was filed on December 31, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of a purported class of indirect purchasers, alleging various claims including alleged
unlawful tying of music and videos purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and vice versa and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power. The complaint alleges violations of §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act
(15 U.S.C. §§1 and 2), California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq. (the Cartwright Act), California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act
and California monopolization law. Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and other relief. On February 21, 2008, the Company filed an answer denying all material allegations and asserting numerous defenses. On February 23, 2009, plaintiff
filed a motion for class certification and on April 20, 2009, the Company filed its opposition to that motion. An evidentiary hearing on the class certification motion took place on June 30, 2009. On July 17, 2009, the Court denied
certification of plaintiff’s damage claims and deferred ruling on certification of plaintiff’s injunctive claims pending resolution of the additional briefing requested by the Court, which is described above. 
 
Tse v. Apple Computer, Inc. et al. 
 
Plaintiff Ho Keung Tse filed this action against the Company and other defendants on August 5, 2005 in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland alleging infringement of U.S.
Patent No. 6,665,797 entitled “Protection of Software Again [sic] Against Unauthorized Use.” The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on October 31, 2005 denying all material
allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. On October 28, 2005, the Company and the other defendants filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California, which was granted on August 31, 2006. On
July 24, 2007, the Company filed a petition for reexamination of the patent, which the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted. On July 25, 2007, the Company filed a motion to stay the litigation pending the outcome of the reexamination,
which the Court granted on October 4, 2007. On July 21, 2009, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued a final Office Action rejecting all asserted claims except for claim 16. On September 20, 2009, plaintiff filed a Notice of
Appeal to the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences from the final Office Action. The Court action remains stayed pending plaintiff’s appeal. 
 
Vitt v. Apple Computer, Inc. 
 
Plaintiff filed this purported class action
on November 7, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of a purported nationwide class of all purchasers of the iBook G4 alleging that the computer’s logic board fails at an abnormally high
rate. The complaint alleges violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and California Business & Professions Code §17500 (false advertising). Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and
other relief. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on January 19, 2007, which the Court granted on March 13, 2007. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on March 26, 2007. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on August 16,
2007, which was heard on October 4, 2007. The Court has not yet issued a ruling. 
 
Vogel v. Jobs et al. (2006 Action)

 
Plaintiffs filed this purported class action on August 24, 2006, in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California against the Company and certain of the Company’s current and former officers and

 
 


31 






Table of Contents



directors alleging improper backdating of stock option grants to maximize certain defendants’ profits, failing to properly account for those grants and issuing false financial statements. On
January 19, 2007, the Court appointed the New York City Employees’ Retirement System as lead plaintiff. On March 23, 2007, plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint. The Consolidated Complaint purports to
be brought on behalf of several classes of holders of the Company’s stock and asserts claims under Section 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act as well as state law. The Consolidated Complaint seeks rescission of amendments to
various stock option and other incentive compensation plans, an accounting and damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on June 8, 2007, which was heard on September 7, 2007. On November 14, 2007, the
Court issued an order dismissing all securities claims with prejudice, and held that any amended complaint could only be styled as a derivative case. On December 14, 2007, plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a first amended consolidated
class action complaint. On January 23, 2008, defendants filed an opposition to plaintiff’s motion. Plaintiff’s motion was heard on March 21, 2008. On May 14, 2008, the Court issued an order denying plaintiffs’ motion
for leave to amend. The court entered judgment dismissing the case on June 12, 2008. On June 17, 2008, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. A hearing on plaintiffs’ appeal took place on October 7, 2009. 
 
Vogel v. Apple Inc., et al. (2008 Action) 
 
Plaintiff filed this purported class action on June 27, 2008, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of the Company’s current
and former officers and directors. The allegations, which arise out of the Company’s past stock option practices, are similar to those in the 2006 
Vogel v. Jobs et al. 
action that was dismissed on June 12, 2008, as described above.
The complaint purports to be brought on behalf of several classes of holders of the Company’s stock and asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The complaint seeks rescission of amendments to various stock option and
other incentive compensation plans, an accounting and damages in an unspecified amount. On July 22, 2008, the Court stayed this case pending the appeal in the 2006 Action. 
 
 






Item 4.


Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
None. 
 
 


32 






Table of Contents


PART II 
 
 






Item 5.


Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
The Company’s common stock is traded on the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol
AAPL and on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol APCD. 
 
Price Range of Common Stock 
 
The price range per share of common stock presented below represents the highest and lowest sales prices for the Company’s common stock
on the NASDAQ Global Select Market during each quarter of the two most recent years. 
 
 


































 


  


Fourth Quarter


  


Third Quarter


  


Second Quarter


  


First Quarter




 
Fiscal 2009 price range per common share


  


$


188.90 - $134.42


  


$


146.40 - $102.61


  


$


109.98 - $  78.20


  


$


119.68 - $  79.14
















 
Fiscal 2008 price range per common share


  


$


180.91 - $120.68


  


$


192.24 - $142.52


  


$


200.50 - $115.44


  


$


202.96 - $150.63


 
Holders 
 
As of October 16, 2009, there were 30,573 shareholders of record. 
 
Dividends

 
The Company did not declare or pay cash dividends in either 2009 or 2008. The Company anticipates that for the foreseeable
future it will retain any earnings for use in the operation of its business. 
 
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 
 
None. 
 
 


33 






Table of Contents


Company Stock Performance 
 
The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total shareholder return, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for the Company, the S&P 500 Composite Index
and the S&P Computer Hardware Index. The graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the Company’s common stock, the S&P 500 Composite Index, and the S&P Computer Hardware Index on September 30, 2004. Data points on the graph
are annual. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 


 
 
 














































 
 


 


September
2004


 


September
2005


 


September
2006


 


September
2007


 


September
2008


 


September
2009




 
Apple Inc.


 


$


100  


 


$


277  


 


$


397  


 


$


792  


 


$


587  


 


$


957  




 
S&P 500 Composite
Index


 


$


100  


 


$


112  


 


$


124  


 


$


145  


 


$


113  


 


$


105  




 
S&P Computer Hardware Index




 


$


100  


 


$


115  


 


$


123  


 


$


181  


 


$


152  


 


$


180  


 
 


34 






Table of Contents






Item 6.


Selected Financial Data 
 
The information set forth below for the five years ended September 26, 2009, is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations, and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K to fully understand factors that may affect the comparability of the
information presented below (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts). 
 
 








































 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007


  


2006


  


2005




 
Net sales


  


$


36,537


  


$


32,479


  


$


24,006


  


$


19,315


  


$


13,931




 
Net income


  


$


5,704


  


$


4,834


  


$


3,496


  


$


1,989


  


$


1,328




 
Earnings per common share:


  






  






  






  






  








 
Basic


  


$


6.39


  


$


5.48


  


$


4.04


  


$


2.36


  


$


1.64




 
Diluted


  


$


6.29


  


$


5.36


  


$


3.93


  


$


2.27


  


$


1.55




 
Cash dividends declared per common share


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  




 
Shares used in computing earnings per share:


  






  






  






  






  








 
Basic


  


 


893,016


  


 


881,592


  


 


864,595


  


 


844,058


  


 


808,439




 
Diluted


  


 


907,005


  


 


902,139


  


 


889,292


  


 


877,526


  


 


856,878


















 
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities


  


$


33,992


  


$


24,490


  


$


15,386


  


$


10,110


  


$


8,261




 
Total assets


  


$


53,851


  


$


39,572


  


$


25,347


  


$


17,205


  


$


11,516




 
Long-term debt


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


—  




 
Total liabilities


  


$


26,019


  


$


18,542


  


$


10,815


  


$


7,221


  


$


4,088




 
Shareholders’ equity


  


$


27,832


  


$


21,030


  


$


14,532


  


$


9,984


  


$


7,428


 
 






Item 7.


Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
This section and other parts of this Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words
such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “believes,” “plans,” “predicts,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may
differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the subsection entitled “Risk Factors” above, which are
incorporated herein by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All information presented herein is based on the
Company’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references in this report to particular years or quarters refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters of those fiscal years. The Company assumes no
obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 
 
Executive Overview

 
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital
music and video players and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company’s products and services include the Mac line of desktop and portable computers, iPhone, the iPod line of portable
digital music and video players, Apple TV, Xserve, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the Mac OS X operating system, third-party digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, and a variety of accessory,
service and support offerings. The Company sells its products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores, its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety
of third-party Mac, iPhone and iPod compatible products, including application software, printers, storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and peripherals through its online and retail stores. The Company sells to
consumer, small and mid-sized business (“SMB”), education, enterprise, government, and creative markets. 
 
 


35 






Table of Contents


The Company is focused on providing innovative products and solutions to consumer, SMB,
education, enterprise, government and creative customers that greatly enhance their evolving digital lifestyles and work environments. The Company’s overall business strategy is to control the design and development of the hardware and software
for all of its products, including the personal computer, mobile communications and consumer electronics devices. The Company’s business strategy leverages its unique ability to design and develop its own operating system, hardware, application
software, and services to provide its customers new products and solutions with superior ease-of-use, seamless integration, and innovative industrial design. The Company believes continual investment in research and development is critical to the
development and enhancement of innovative products and technologies. In conjunction with its strategy, the Company continues to build and host a robust platform for the discovery and delivery of third-party digital content and applications through
the iTunes Store. Most recently the Company launched the App Store that allows users to browse, search for, and purchase third-party applications through either a Mac or Windows-based computer or by wirelessly downloading directly to an iPhone or
iPod touch. The Company also desires to support a community for the development of third-party products that complement the Company’s offerings through its developer programs. The Company is therefore uniquely positioned to offer superior and
well-integrated digital lifestyle and productivity solutions. 
 
The Company participates in several highly competitive markets,
including personal computers with its Mac line of personal computers, mobile communications with iPhone, consumer electronics with its iPod product families, and distribution of third-party digital content and applications through its online iTunes
Store. While the Company is widely recognized as a leading innovator in the personal computer, mobile communications and consumer electronics markets as well as a leader in the emerging market for distribution of digital content and applications,
these markets are highly competitive and subject to aggressive pricing. To remain competitive, the Company believes that increased investment in research and development and marketing and advertising is necessary to maintain or expand its position
in the markets where it competes. The Company’s research and development spending is focused on further developing its existing Mac line of personal computers, its operating system, application software, iPhone and iPods; developing new digital
lifestyle consumer and professional software applications; and investing in new product areas and technologies. The Company also believes increased investment in marketing and advertising programs is critical to increasing product and brand
awareness. 
 
The Company utilizes a variety of direct and indirect distribution channels. The Company believes that sales of
its innovative and differentiated products are enhanced by knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value of the hardware, software, and peripheral integration, demonstrate the unique digital lifestyle solutions that are available on Mac
computers, and demonstrate the compatibility of the Mac with the Windows platform and networks. The Company further believes providing a high-quality sales and after-sales support experience is critical to attracting new and retaining existing
customers. To ensure a high-quality buying experience for its products in which service and education are emphasized, the Company continues to expand and improve its distribution capabilities by opening its own retail stores in the U.S. and in
international markets. The Company had 273 stores open as of September 26, 2009. 
 
The Company has also invested in
programs to enhance reseller sales, including the Apple Sales Consultant Program, which places Apple employees and contractors at selected third-party reseller locations, and the Apple Premium Reseller Program, through which independently run
businesses focus on the Apple platform and provide a high level of customer service and product expertise. The Company believes providing direct contact with its targeted customers is an efficient way to demonstrate the advantages of its Mac
computers and other products over those of its competitors. The Company also sells to customers directly through its online stores around the world and through its direct sales force. 
 
The Company distributes iPhone in over 80 countries, through its direct channels, its cellular network carriers’ distribution channels and certain third-party resellers. The
Company has signed multi-year agreements with various cellular network carriers authorizing them to distribute and provide cellular network services for iPhones. These agreements are generally not exclusive with a specific carrier, except in the
U.S., Germany, Spain, Ireland and certain other countries. 
 
 


36 






Table of Contents


The Company’s iPods are sold through a significant number of distribution points to
provide broad access. iPods can be purchased in certain department stores, member-only warehouse stores, large retail chains and specialty retail stores, as well as through the channels for Mac distribution listed above. 
 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its
financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 1, “Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies” of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material. 
 
Management believes the
Company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation of marketable securities, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation and inventory purchase commitments, warranty costs, income
taxes, and legal and other contingencies. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and operating results, and they require management to make judgments
and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. The Company’s senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. 


Revenue Recognition 
 
Net
sales consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software, third-party digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and support contracts. The Company recognizes revenue for software products (operating system software and
applications software), or any product that is considered to be software-related, in accordance with industry specific accounting guidance for software and software related transactions (e.g., Mac computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music
and video players). For products that are not software or software-related, (e.g., third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone and iPod supplies and accessories), the Company recognizes revenue pursuant to various
revenue-related GAAP as described below. 
 
The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the Company’s
product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the Company defers recognition of revenue until the customer
receives the product because the Company retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or is presumed not to be, fixed or determinable,
revenue is deferred and subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met. 
 
For both iPhone and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time provide future unspecified features and additional software products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone
handsets and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized on a straight-line basis over the
currently estimated 24-month economic lives of these products, with any loss recognized at the time of sale. If the Company’s estimated economic life of a product accounted for under subscription accounting changes, the

 
 


37 






Table of Contents



future rate at which deferred revenue and deferred costs are recognized in the Company’s results of operations will change. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales, marketing
and warranty are expensed as incurred. 
 
The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price
protection and for customer incentive programs, including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume-based incentives. For transactions involving price protection, the Company recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to
be refunded, provided the refund amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated and the other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. The Company’s policy requires that, if refunds cannot be reliably estimated, revenue is not
recognized until reliable estimates can be made or the price protection lapses. For customer incentive programs, the estimated cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the date at which the Company has sold the product or the date at
which the program is offered. The Company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company’s historical experience. Future market conditions and product transitions may require the Company to increase
customer incentive programs and incur incremental price protection obligations that could result in additional reductions to revenue at the time such programs are offered. Additionally, certain customer incentive programs require management to
estimate the number of customers who will actually redeem the incentive. Management’s estimates are based on historical experience and the specific terms and conditions of particular incentive programs. If a greater than estimated proportion of
customers redeem such incentives, the Company would be required to record additional reductions to revenue, which would have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations. 
 
Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities 
 
The Company’s investments in available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of investments are included in accumulated
other comprehensive income, net of tax, as reported in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of investments impact the Company’s net income only when such investments are sold or an other-than-temporary
impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined by specific identification of each security’s cost basis. The Company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any investment is
other-than-temporarily impaired due to changes in credit risk or other potential valuation concerns, which would require the Company to record an impairment charge in the period any such determination is made. In making this judgment, the Company
evaluates, among other things, the duration and extent to which the fair value of an investment is less than its cost, the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely
than not it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of the investment’s amortized cost basis. The Company’s assessment on whether an investment is other-than-temporarily impaired or not, could change in the future due to
new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular investment. 
 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
The Company distributes its products through third-party distributors, cellular network carriers, and resellers and directly to certain
education, consumer, and enterprise customers. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers; however, the Company will require collateral in certain instances to limit credit risk. In addition, when possible the Company does
attempt to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain customers in Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, or by requiring third-party financing, loans or leases to support credit exposure. These credit-financing
arrangements are directly between the third-party financing company and the end customer. As such, the Company generally does not assume any recourse or credit-risk-sharing related to any of these arrangements. However, considerable trade
receivables that are not covered by collateral, third-party financing arrangements, or credit insurance are outstanding with the Company’s distribution and retail channel partners. 
 
 


38 






Table of Contents


The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on management’s assessment of the ability
to collect specific customer accounts and includes consideration of the credit-worthiness and financial condition of those specific customers. The Company records an allowance to reduce the specific receivables to the amount that it reasonably
believes to be collectible. The Company also records an allowance for all other trade receivables based on multiple factors, including historical experience with bad debts, the general economic environment, the financial condition of the
Company’s distribution channels, and the aging of such receivables. If there is a deterioration of a major customer’s financial condition, if the Company becomes aware of additional information related to the credit-worthiness of a major
customer, or if future actual default rates on trade receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, the Company may have to adjust its allowance for doubtful accounts, which would affect its results of operations in the period the
adjustments are made. 
 
Inventory Valuation and Inventory Purchase Commitments 
 
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments. The Company records a write-down for inventories of components and products,
including third-party products held for resale, which have become obsolete or are in excess of anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Company performs a detailed review of inventory each fiscal quarter that considers multiple factors
including demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, and component cost trends. The personal computer, mobile communications and consumer electronics industries are subject to a rapid and
unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand changes. If future demand or market conditions for the Company’s products are less favorable than forecasted or if unforeseen technological changes negatively impact the
utility of component inventory, the Company may be required to record additional write-downs, which would negatively affect its results of operations in the period when the write-downs were recorded. 
 
The Company records accruals for estimated cancellation fees related to component orders that have been cancelled or are expected to be
cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the Company acquires components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand information. These commitments typically cover the Company’s
requirements for periods ranging from 30 to 150 days. If there is an abrupt and substantial decline in demand for one or more of the Company’s products or an unanticipated change in technological requirements for any of the Company’s
products, the Company may be required to record additional accruals for cancellation fees that would negatively affect its results of operations in the period when the cancellation fees are identified and recorded. 
 
Warranty Costs 
 
The Company
provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized based on historical and projected warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific product
failures that are outside of the Company’s typical experience. Each quarter, the Company reevaluates its estimates to assess the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities considering the size of the installed base of products subject to
warranty protection and adjusts the amounts as necessary. For products accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty expense as incurred. If actual product failure rates or repair costs differ from estimates,
revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required and could materially affect the Company’s results of operations. 
 
The Company periodically provides updates to its applications and operating system software to maintain the software’s compliance with specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is accounted for as warranty cost that is
recognized at the time related software revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determining appropriate accruals related to such updates include the number of units delivered, the number of updates expected to occur, and the historical cost and
estimated future cost of the resources necessary to develop these updates. 
 
 


39 






Table of Contents


Income Taxes 
 
The Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. In accordance with GAAP, the provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and
liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and
tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. The Company
records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 
 
The Company recognizes and measures uncertain tax positions in accordance with GAAP, whereby the Company only recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 
Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including
income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with the tax effects of the deferred tax liabilities, will be sufficient to fully recover the remaining deferred tax assets. In the event that the Company
determines all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, the Company will make an adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. In addition, the
calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of GAAP and complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations
could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Legal and Other Contingencies

 
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Note 8,
“Commitments and Contingencies” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with GAAP, the Company records a
liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. There is significant judgment required in both the probability determination and as to whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In
management’s opinion, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results.
However, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. Should the Company fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against
the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 
 
Net Sales 
 
Fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 spanned 52 weeks. An additional week is included in the first
fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. 
 
 


40 






Table of Contents


The following table summarizes net sales and Mac unit sales by operating segment and net
sales and unit sales by product during the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions, except unit sales in thousands and per unit amounts): 
 
 




































 


  


2009


  


Change


  


2008


  


Change


  


2007




 
Net Sales by Operating Segment:


  






  




  






  




  








 
Americas net sales


  


$


16,142


  


11%


  


$


14,573


  


26%


  


$


11,596




 
Europe net sales


  


 


9,365


  


23%


  


 


7,622


  


40%


  


 


5,460




 
Japan net sales


  


 


1,831


  


21%


  


 


1,509


  


39%


  


 


1,082




 
Retail net sales


  


 


6,574


  


4%


  


 


6,315


  


53%


  


 


4,115




 
Other Segments net sales (a)


  


 


2,625


  


7%


  


 


2,460


  


40%


  


 


1,753






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Total net sales


  


$


36,537


  


12%


  


$


32,479


  


35%


  


$


24,006






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


















 
Mac Unit Sales by Operating Segment:


  






  




  






  




  








 
Americas Mac unit sales


  


 


4,120


  


4%


  


 


3,980


  


32%


  


 


3,019




 
Europe Mac unit sales


  


 


2,840


  


13%


  


 


2,519


  


39%


  


 


1,816




 
Japan Mac unit sales


  


 


395


  


2%


  


 


389


  


29%


  


 


302




 
Retail Mac unit sales


  


 


2,115


  


4%


  


 


2,034


  


47%


  


 


1,386




 
Other Segments Mac unit sales (a)


  


 


926


  


17%


  


 


793


  


50%


  


 


528






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Total Mac unit sales


  


 


10,396


  


7%


  


 


9,715


  


38%


  


 


7,051






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


















 
Net Sales by Product:


  






  




  






  




  








 
Desktops (b)


  


$


4,308


  


(23)%


  


$


5,603


  


39%


  


$


4,020




 
Portables (c)


  


 


9,472


  


9%


  


 


8,673


  


38%


  


 


6,294






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Total Mac net sales


  


 


13,780


  


(3)%


  


 


14,276


  


38%


  


 


10,314


















 
iPod


  


 


8,091


  


(12)%


  


 


9,153


  


10%


  


 


8,305




 
Other music related products and services (d)


  


 


4,036


  


21%


  


 


3,340


  


34%


  


 


2,496




 
iPhone and related products and services (e)


  


 


6,754


  


266%


  


 


1,844


  


NM


  


 


123




 
Peripherals and other hardware (f)


  


 


1,470


  


(11)%


  


 


1,659


  


32%


  


 


1,260




 
Software, service and other sales (g)


  


 


2,406


  


9%


  


 


2,207


  


46%


  


 


1,508






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Total net sales


  


$


36,537


  


12%


  


$


32,479


  


35%


  


$


24,006






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


















 
Unit Sales by Product:


  






  




  






  




  








 
Desktops (b)


  


 


3,182


  


(14)%


  


 


3,712


  


37%


  


 


2,714




 
Portables (c)


  


 


7,214


  


20%


  


 


6,003


  


38%


  


 


4,337






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Total Mac unit sales


  


 


10,396


  


7%


  


 


9,715


  


38%


  


 


7,051






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


















 
Net sales per Mac unit sold (h)


  


$


1,326


  


(10)%


  


$


1,469


  


—%


  


$


1,463






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
iPod unit sales


  


 


54,132


  


(1)%


  


 


54,828


  


6%


  


 


51,630






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
Net sales per iPod unit sold (i)


  


$


149


  


(11)%


  


$


167


  


4%


  


$


161






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 




 
iPhone unit sales


  


 


20,731


  


78%


  


 


11,627


  


NM


  


 


1,389






  


 


 


  




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
Other Segments include Asia Pacific and FileMaker. 






(b)


 
Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product lines. 






(c)


 
Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro product lines. 






(d)


 
Consists of iTunes Store sales, iPod services, and Apple-branded and third-party iPod accessories. 






(e)


 
Derived from handset sales, carrier agreements, and Apple-branded and third-party iPhone accessories. 






(f)


 
Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity and networking solutions, and other hardware accessories. 
 
 


41 






Table of Contents






(g)


 
Includes sales of Apple-branded operating system and application software, third-party software, AppleCare and Internet services.







(h)


 
Derived by dividing total Mac net sales by total Mac unit sales. 






(i)


 
Derived by dividing total iPod net sales by total iPod unit sales. 
 
NM = Not Meaningful 
 
Fiscal Year 2009 versus 2008 
 
Net sales during 2009 increased $4.1 billion or 12% compared to 2008. Several factors contributed positively to these increases, including
the following: 
 
 






 


•


 


 
iPhone revenue and net sales of related products and services amounted to $6.8 billion in 2009, an increase of $4.9 billion or 266% compared to
2008. iPhone handset unit sales totaled 20.7 million during 2009, which represents an increase of 9.1 million or 78% during 2009 compared to 2008. This growth is attributed primarily to expanded distribution and strong overall demand for
iPhones. iPhone 3GS was released in the U.S. on June 19, 2009 and in many other countries over the remainder of 2009. iPhone revenue includes the portion of handset revenue recognized in the relevant period in accordance with subscription
accounting over the product’s currently estimated 24-month economic life, as well as revenue from sales of iPhone accessories and carrier agreements. The year-over-year iPhone revenue growth is also largely attributable to the year-over-year
increase in iPhone handset unit sales in both 2009 and 2008, which generated significant amounts of deferred revenue that is being recognized over the iPhone’s estimated economic life. 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Net sales of other music-related products and services increased $696 million or 21% during 2009 compared to 2008. The increase was due
predominantly to increased net sales of third-party digital content and applications from the iTunes Store, which experienced double-digit growth in each of the Company’s geographic segments during 2009 compared to the same period in 2008. The
Company believes this continued growth is the result of heightened consumer interest in downloading third-party digital content and applications, continued growth in its customer base of iPod and iPhone customers, the expansion of third-party audio
and video content available for sale and rent via the iTunes Store, and the continued interest in and growth of the App Store. The Company continues to expand its iTunes content and applications offerings around the world.

 
Partially offsetting the favorable factors discussed above, net sales during 2009 were negatively impacted
by certain factors, including the following: 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Mac net sales declined 3% during 2009 compared to 2008, although Mac unit sales increased by 7% over the same period. Net sales per Mac unit sold
decreased by 10% during 2009 compared to 2008, due primarily to lower average selling prices across all Mac portable and desktop systems and a stronger U.S. dollar. Net sales of Macs accounted for 38% of the Company’s total net sales for 2009.
During 2009, Mac portable systems net sales and unit sales increased by 9% and 20%, respectively, compared to 2008. This growth was driven by strong demand for MacBook Pro, which was updated in June 2009 and October 2008, and experienced double
digit net sales and unit growth in each of the Company’s reportable operating segments compared to the same period in 2008. The Company also had a higher product mix of portable systems, which is consistent with the overall market trends.
However, net sales and unit sales of the Company’s Mac desktop systems decreased by 23% and 14%, respectively, during 2009 compared to 2008. The decrease in net sales of Mac desktop systems was due mainly to a shift in product mix towards
lower-priced desktops, lower average selling prices across all Mac desktop systems and a stronger U.S. dollar. 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Net sales of iPods decreased $1.1 billion or 12% during 2009 compared to 2008. iPod unit sales decreased slightly by 1% during 2009 compared to
2008. Net sales per iPod unit sold decreased 11% to $149 in 2009 compared to 2008, resulting from lower average selling prices across all of the iPod product lines, which were due primarily to price reductions taken with the introduction of new
iPods in

 
 


42 






Table of Contents






 


 

September 2009 and September 2008 and a stronger U.S. dollar, offset partially by a higher product mix of iPod touch. 
 
Fiscal Year 2008 versus 2007 
 
Net sales during 2008 increased 35% or $8.5 billion from 2007. Several factors contributed to these increases including the following: 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Mac net sales increased $4.0 billion or 38% during 2008 compared to 2007, while Mac unit sales increased by 2.7 million units or 38%. Net sales
related to the Company’s Mac shipments accounted for 44% of the Company’s total net revenue. Higher Mac unit sales, which contributed to the increases in net sales, were driven by higher sales of all of the Company’s Mac portable
products as well as the popularity of the iMac, which experienced strong growth in net sales and unit sales in all of the Company’s reportable segments. Unit sales of the Company’s Mac portable products accounted for 62% of the
Company’s personal computer shipments in both 2008 and 2007. Net sales and unit sales of the Company’s Mac portable products both increased by 38% during 2008 compared to 2007. This growth was attributable to strong demand for all the Mac
portable products, particularly the MacBook, which had double-digit growth in all of the Company’s operating segments, and the addition of the MacBook Air, which was introduced to the Company’s Mac portable product line in January 2008.
Growth of the Company’s Mac desktop systems was also strong, with increased net sales and unit sales of 39% and 37%, respectively, during 2008 due primarily to strong sales of the iMac in all of the Company’s operating segments.

 
 






 


•


 


 
Net sales of iPods increased $848 million or 10% during 2008 compared to 2007 whereas unit sales of iPods increased 6% compared to 2007. The iPod
unit growth was due to strong demand for the iPod touch, and to a lesser extent, higher unit sales of the iPod shuffle due to a price reduction in February 2008. iPod net sales grew faster than iPod unit sales due to higher average selling prices
caused by a shift in overall iPod product mix to the higher priced iPod touch. 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Net sales of iPhone and related products and services were $1.8 billion for 2008, with iPhone handset unit sales totaling 11.6 million. Net sales of
iPhone and related products and services were $123 million in 2007, which represented sales for one fiscal quarter. iPhone revenue includes the portion of handset revenue recognized in the relevant period in accordance with subscription accounting
over the product’s currently estimated 24-month economic life, as well as revenue from sales of iPhone accessories and from carrier agreements. 
 
 






 


•


 


 
Net sales of other music related products and services increased $844 million or 34% during 2008 compared to 2007, due primarily to significantly
increased net sales from the iTunes Store in each of the Company’s geographic segments. The Company believes this success is the result of heightened consumer interest in downloading third-party digital content, the expansion of third-party
audio and video content available for sale and rent via the iTunes Store, and the launch of the iTunes App Store. The Company continues to expand its iTunes content offerings around the world. 
 
Segment Operating Performance 
 
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable operating segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Japan and Retail. The Americas, Europe and Japan reportable segments do not include
activities related to the Retail segment. The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries as well as the Middle East and Africa. The Retail segment operates Apple-owned retail stores in the
U.S. and in international markets. Each reportable geographic operating segment and the Retail operating segment provide similar hardware and software products and similar services. Further information regarding the Company’s operating segments
may be found in Note 9, “Segment Information and Geographic Data” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 


43 






Table of Contents


Americas 
 
During 2009, net sales in the Americas segment increased $1.6 billion or 11% compared to 2008. The increase in net sales during 2009 was attributable to the significant year-over-year increase in iPhone
revenue, higher sales of third-party digital content and applications from the iTunes Store, and increased sales of Mac portable systems, which were partially offset by a decrease in sales of Mac desktop systems and iPods. Americas Mac net sales
decreased 6% due primarily to lower average selling prices, while Mac unit sales increased by 4% on a year-over-year basis. The increase in Mac unit sales was due primarily to strong demand for the MacBook Pro, which was updated in June 2009 and
October 2008. The Americas segment represented approximately 44% and 45% of the Company’s total net sales in 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
During 2008, net sales in the Americas segment increased $3.0 billion or 26% compared to 2007. The primary drivers of this growth were the significant year-over-year increase in sales of the iPod touch,
Mac portable systems, content from the iTunes Store, and iPhone. The Company began shipping iPhone in June 2007 and the growth in iPhone sales in 2008 resulted from a full year of iPhone shipments as well as stronger demand for iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2008. The increase in Mac net sales of $1.3 billion or 30% and Mac unit sales of 961 million or 32% is attributable to growth in sales of all of the Mac portable systems, particularly the MacBook, and higher sales of the iMac. Net
sales of iPods increased due to a shift in product mix toward higher priced iPods, particularly the iPod touch, which was upgraded in June 2008. In 2008, the Americas segment represented 45% of the Company’s total net sales as compared to 48%
in the same period of 2007. 
 
Europe 
 
During 2009, net sales in Europe increased $1.7 billion or 23% compared to 2008. The increase in net sales was due mainly to increased iPhone revenue and Mac portable systems, offset partially by lower
net sales of Mac desktop systems, iPods, and a stronger U.S. dollar. Mac unit sales increased 13% in 2009 compared to 2008, which was driven primarily by increased sales of Mac portable systems, particularly MacBook Pro, while total Mac net sales
declined as a result of lower average selling prices across all Mac products. Although iPod net sales decreased in Europe year-over-year as a result of lower average selling prices, iPod unit sales increased due to iPod touch and market share
increases. The Europe segment represented 26% and 23% of total net sales in 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
Europe’s net
sales and Mac unit sales increased 40% and 39%, respectively, during 2008 compared to 2007. The main drivers of this growth were strong sales of Mac portable systems and iMac, increased sales from the iTunes Store, and iPhone. Also contributing to
the increase in net sales were higher iPod net sales due primarily to the iPod touch, which was upgraded in June 2008. Sales of Mac portable products increased due to stronger demand for the MacBook Pro and the MacBook, both updated in February
2008, as well as sales of the MacBook Air, introduced in January 2008. Mac desktop sales also increased due primarily to the popularity of the iMac, which was updated in April 2008. The Europe segment represented 23% of total net sales in 2008,
consistent with 2007. 
 
Japan 
 
Japan’s net sales increased $322 million or 21% in 2009 compared to 2008. The key contributors to this growth were increased iPhone revenue, stronger demand for certain Mac portable systems and
iPods, and strength in the Japanese Yen, partially offset by decreased sales of Mac desktop systems. Net sales and unit sales of Mac portable systems increased during 2009 compared to 2008, driven primarily by stronger demand for MacBook Pro, which
was updated in June 2009 and October 2008. Net sales and unit sales of iPods increased during 2009 compared to 2008, driven by strong demand for iPod touch and iPod nano. 
 
Japan net sales increased $427 million or 39% in 2008 compared to 2007. The primary contributors to the growth in net sales were increases in sales of iPods, iMac, Mac portable systems, and strong sales
from the iTunes Store. Net sales, unit sales and the average selling price of iPods increased during 2008 compared to 2007, driven by

 
 


44 






Table of Contents



strong demand for iPod touch and iPod nano. Additionally, Mac net sales and unit sales grew 42% and 29%, respectively, in 2008 compared to 2007 due to increases in sales of iMac and Mac portable
systems, particularly MacBook, as well as the introduction of MacBook Air in January 2008. 
 
Retail 
 
Retail net sales increased $259 million or 4% during 2009 compared to 2008. The growth in net sales was driven largely by increased iPhone
revenue and Mac portable systems, offset partially by a decrease in sales of iPods and Mac desktop systems. The Company opened 26 new retail stores during 2009, including a total of 14 international stores, ending the year with 273 stores open. This
compares to 247 stores open as of September 27, 2008 and 197 open stores as of September 29, 2007. 
 
The
year-over-year growth rate of Retail net sales was less than the increase in the average number of stores open during the same period, which the Company believes reflects the challenging consumer-spending environment and continued third-party
channel expansion, particularly in the U.S. where most of its stores are located. With an average of 254 stores and 211 stores opened during 2009 and 2008, respectively, average revenue per store decreased to $25.9 million for 2009 from $29.9
million in 2008. 
 
The Retail segment’s net sales grew by 53% during 2008 compared to 2007, due in large part to increased
sales of Mac portable and desktop systems, strong demand for the iPhone and iPod touch, and new store openings. The Company opened 50 new retail stores during 2008, bringing the total number of open stores to 247 as of September 27, 2008. This
compares to 197 open stores as of September 29, 2007. With an average of 211 stores and 178 stores opened during 2008 and 2007, respectively, average revenue per store increased to $29.9 million for 2008 from $23.1 million in 2007. 


As measured by the Company’s operating segment reporting, the Retail segment reported operating income of $1.4 billion during 2009,
as compared to operating income of $1.3 billion and $875 million during 2008 and 2007, respectively. This increase in operating income in 2009 was driven by increased total Retail net sales attributable to a 20% increase in average stores open and
higher gross margin percentage consistent with that experienced Company-wide. The Retail segment’s operating income increased by $462 million during 2008 as compared to 2007 due primarily to the significant Retail net sales growth of 53% as
compared to 2007. 
 
Expansion of the Retail segment has required and will continue to require a substantial investment in fixed
assets and related infrastructure, operating lease commitments, personnel, and other operating expenses. Capital asset purchases associated with the Retail segment were $369 million in 2009, bringing the total capital asset purchases since inception
of the Retail segment to $1.8 billion. As of September 26, 2009, the Retail segment had approximately 16,500 full-time equivalent employees and had outstanding operating lease commitments associated with retail store space and related
facilities of $1.5 billion. The Company would incur substantial costs if it were to close multiple retail stores. Such costs could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Other Segments 
 
The
Company’s Other Segments, which consist of its Asia Pacific and FileMaker operations, experienced an increase in net sales of $165 million, or 7%, during 2009 as compared to 2008 reflecting strong growth in sales of iPhone and Mac portable
systems offset partially by a decline in sales related to iPods and Mac desktop systems in the Asia Pacific region, as well as a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Australian dollar and other Asian currencies. Mac net sales and unit sales
grew in the Asia Pacific region by 4% and 17%, respectively, due to increased sales of the MacBook Pro. 
 
The Company’s
Other Segments experienced an increase in net sales of $707 million, or 40% during 2008 as compared to 2007. These increases are related primarily to strong growth in sales of all Mac portable systems,

 
 


45 






Table of Contents



iPods, the iMac, and content from the iTunes Store in the Company’s Asia Pacific region. Sales from the iTunes Store in the Company’s Asia Pacific region grew 109% compared to 2007.

 
Gross Margin 
 
Gross margin for the three years ended September 26, 2009, are as follows (in millions, except gross margin percentages): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Net sales


  


$


36,537


  


$


32,479


  


$


24,006




 
Cost of sales


  


 


23,397


  


 


21,334


  


 


15,852






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Gross margin


  


$


13,140


  


$


11,145


  


$


8,154






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Gross margin percentage


  


 


36.0%


  


 


34.3%


  


 


34.0%


 
The gross margin percentage in 2009 was 36.0% compared to 34.3% in 2008. The primary
drivers of the increase in 2009 as compared to 2008 were significantly lower commodity and other product costs and a favorable sales mix toward products with higher gross margins, which were partially offset by product price reductions. Gross margin
percentage was relatively flat in 2008 as compared to 2007. 
 
The Company expects its gross margin percentage to decrease in
future periods compared to levels achieved during 2009 and anticipates gross margin levels of about 34% in the first quarter of 2010. This expected decline is due largely to the anticipated impact of product transitions, flat or reduced pricing on
new and innovative products that have higher cost structures, and both expected and potential future cost increases for key components. 
 
The foregoing statements regarding the Company’s expected gross margin percentage are forward-looking and could differ from anticipated levels because of several factors, including but not limited to
certain of those set forth below in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” under the subheading “
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain key components including but not limited to microprocessors,
NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable prices and in sufficient quantities
,” which is incorporated herein by reference. There can be no assurance that targeted gross margin percentage levels will be achieved. In general, gross
margins and margins on individual products will remain under downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry wide global product pricing pressures, increased competition, compressed product life cycles, product
transitions and expected increases in the cost of key components including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, dynamic random access memory (“DRAM”) and liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), as well as potential
increases in the costs of outside manufacturing services and a potential shift in the Company’s sales mix towards products with lower gross margins. In response to these competitive pressures, the Company expects it will continue to take
product pricing actions, which would adversely affect gross margins. Gross margins could also be affected by the Company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products. Due
to the Company’s significant international operations, financial results can be significantly affected in the short-term by fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 
Operating Expenses 
 
Operating expenses for the three years ended
September 26, 2009, are as follows (in millions, except for percentages): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Research and development


  


$


  1,333


  


$


  1,109


  


$


782




 
Percentage of net sales


  


 


3.6%


  


 


3.4%


  


 


3.3%




 
Selling, general and administrative


  


$


4,149


  


$


3,761


  


$


  2,963




 
Percentage of net sales


  


 


11.4%


  


 


11.6%


  


 


12.3%


 
 


46 






Table of Contents


Research and Development (“R&D”) 
 
R&D expenditures increased 20% or $224 million to $1.3 billion in 2009 compared to 2008. These increases were due primarily to an
increase in headcount and higher stock-based compensation expenses in the current year to support expanded R&D activities. In addition, $71 million of software development costs were capitalized related to Mac OS X Snow Leopard and excluded from
R&D expense during 2009, compared to $11 million of software development costs capitalized during 2008. Although total R&D expense increased 20% during 2009, it remained relatively flat as a percentage of net sales given the 12% increase in
revenue in 2009. The Company continues to believe that focused investments in R&D are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to timely development of new and enhanced products that are
central to the Company’s core business strategy. As such, the Company expects to make further investments in R&D to remain competitive. 
 
Expenditures for R&D increased 42% or $327 million to $1.1 billion in 2008 compared to 2007. These increases were due primarily to an increase in headcount in 2008 and higher stock-based compensation
expenses. In 2008, $11 million of software development costs were capitalized related to Mac OS X Snow Leopard and excluded from R&D expense, while R&D expense for 2007 excluded $75 million of capitalized software development costs related
to Mac OS X Leopard and iPhone software. Although total R&D expense increased 42% during 2008, it remained relatively flat as a percentage of net sales given the 35% increase in revenue during 2008. 
 
Selling, General and Administrative Expense (“SG&A”) 
 
SG&A expenditures increased $388 million or 10% to $4.1 billion in 2009 compared to 2008. These increases are due primarily to the Company’s continued expansion of its Retail segment in both
domestic and international markets, higher stock-based compensation expenses and higher spending on marketing and advertising. 
 
Expenditures for SG&A increased $798 million or 27% to $3.8 billion in 2008 compared to 2007. These increases are due primarily to higher stock-based compensation expenses, higher variable selling expenses resulting from the significant
year-over-year increase in total net sales and the Company’s continued expansion of its Retail segment in both domestic and international markets. In addition, the Company incurred higher spending on marketing and advertising during 2008
compared to 2007. 
 
Other Income and Expense 
 
Other income and expense for the three years ended September 26, 2009, are as follows (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Interest income


  


$


   407


  


 


$


   653


  


 


$


   647


  




 
Other income (expense), net


  


 


(81


)   


 


 


(33


)   


 


 


(48


)   






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total other income and expense


  


$


326


  


 


$


620


  


 


$


599


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Total other income and expense decreased $294 million or 47% to $326 million during
2009 compared to $620 million and $599 million in 2008 and 2007, respectively. The overall decrease in other income and expense is attributable to the significant decline in interest rates during 2009 compared to 2008 and 2007, partially offset by
the Company’s higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances. The weighted average interest rate earned by the Company on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was 1.43%, 3.44% and 5.27% during 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company had no debt outstanding and accordingly did not incur any related interest expense. 
 
The Company’s investment portfolio had gross unrealized losses of $16 million and $121 million as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively, which were offset by gross
unrealized gains of $73 million and $4 million as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively. The net unrealized gains

 
 


47 






Table of Contents



as of September 26, 2009 and the net unrealized losses as of September 27, 2008 related primarily to long-term marketable securities. The Company considers the declines in market value
of its marketable securities investment portfolio to be temporary in nature. The unrealized losses on the Company’s marketable securities were caused primarily by changes in market interest rates, specifically widening credit spreads. The
Company does not have the intent to sell, nor is it more likely than not the Company will be required to sell, any investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Accordingly, no material declines in fair value were recognized in the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company may sell certain of its marketable securities prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for
duration management. The Company recognized no material net gains or losses during 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to such sales. 
 
Provision
for Income Taxes 
 
The Company’s effective tax rates were 29%, 30% and 30% for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The
Company’s effective rates for these periods differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due primarily to certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S. taxes are provided because such earnings are intended to be
indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. 
 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company had deferred tax assets arising from
deductible temporary differences, tax losses, and tax credits of $3.2 billion before being offset against certain deferred liabilities of $1.8 billion for presentation on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Management believes it is more
likely than not that forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with the tax effects of the deferred tax liabilities, will be sufficient to fully recover the remaining deferred
tax assets. The Company will continue to evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets quarterly by assessing the need for and amount of the valuation allowance. 
 
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has completed its field audit of the Company’s federal income tax returns for the years 2002 through 2003 and proposed certain adjustments. The
Company has contested certain of these adjustments through the IRS Appeals Office. All IRS audit issues for years prior to 2002 have been resolved. In addition, the Company is subject to audits by state, local, and foreign tax
authorities. Management believes that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the
Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. 
 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
In September 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Boards (“FASB”) amended the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) as summarized in Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2009-14, 
Software (Topic 985):
Certain Revenue Arrangements That Include Software Elements
, and ASU 2009-13, 
Revenue Recognition (Topic 605): Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements
. As summarized in ASU 2009-14, ASC Topic 985 has been amended to remove from the
scope of industry specific revenue accounting guidance for software and software related transactions, tangible products containing software components and non-software components that function together to deliver the product’s essential
functionality. As summarized in ASU 2009-13, ASC Topic 605 has been amended (1) to provide updated guidance on whether multiple deliverables exist, how the deliverables in an arrangement should be separated, and the consideration allocated;
(2) to require an entity to allocate revenue in an arrangement using estimated selling prices of deliverables if a vendor does not have vendor-specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) or third-party evidence of selling price; and
(3) to eliminate the use of the residual method and require an entity to allocate revenue using the relative selling price method. The accounting changes summarized in ASU 2009-14 and ASU 2009-13 are both effective for fiscal years beginning on
or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. Adoption may either be on a prospective basis or by retrospective application. 
 
 


48 






Table of Contents


The Company is currently assessing the impact of these amendments to the ASC on its
accounting and reporting systems and processes; however, at this time the Company is unable to quantify the impact on its financial statements of its adoption or determine the timing and method of its adoption. As of September 26, 2009, total
iPhone and Apple TV deferred revenue and deferred costs were $12.1 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively. The Company believes that application of these amendments will result in a substantial portion of the revenue associated with the sale of
iPhone and Apple TV and all related cost of sales being recognized at the time of sale. Currently revenue and associated cost of sales for these products are deferred at the time of sale and recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the
currently estimated 24-month economic life of the products. 
 
During the first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
820, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
 (formerly referenced as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 157, 
Fair Value Measurements
)
,
 which defines fair value, provides a framework for
measuring fair value, and expands the disclosures required for fair value measurements. In February 2008, the FASB issued supplemental guidance that delays the effective date of this new fair value accounting standard to fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2008 for all non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually) and will be adopted by the
Company beginning in the first quarter of 2010. Although the Company will continue to evaluate the application of this accounting standard, management does not currently believe adoption of this accounting pronouncement will have a material impact
on the Company’s financial condition or operating results. 
 
In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB ASC 805, 
Business
Combinations
 (formerly referenced as SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), 
Business Combinations
), which establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets
acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree in a business combination. This new accounting standard also establishes principles regarding how goodwill acquired in a business combination or a gain from a bargain
purchase should be recognized and measured, as well as provides guidelines on the disclosure requirements on the nature and financial impact of the business combination. In April 2009, the FASB amended this new accounting standard to require that
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination that arise from contingencies be recognized at fair value, if the fair value can be determined during the measurement period. This new business combination accounting standard is
effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and will be adopted by the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2010 and will apply prospectively to any business combinations completed on or after that date. The effect
of adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on the Company’s financial condition or operating results will depend on the nature of acquisitions completed after the date of adoption. 
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
The following table presents selected financial information and statistics as of and for the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities


  


$


33,992


  


$


24,490


  


$


15,386




 
Accounts receivable, net


  


$


3,361


  


$


2,422


  


$


1,637




 
Inventories


  


$


455


  


$


509


  


$


346




 
Working capital


  


$


16,983


  


$


18,219


  


$


10,728




 
Annual operating cash flow


  


$


10,159


  


$


9,596


  


$


5,470


 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company had $34.0 billion in cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $9.5 billion from September 27, 2008. The principal component of this net increase was the cash generated by operating activities of $10.2 billion, which was partially offset by payments for
acquisitions of property, plant and equipment of $1.1 billion. The Company’s cash generated by operating activities significantly exceeded its net income due primarily to the increase in deferred revenue, net of deferred costs, associated with
subscription accounting for iPhone. 
 
 


49 






Table of Contents


The Company’s marketable securities investment portfolio is invested primarily in
highly rated securities, generally with a minimum rating of single-A or equivalent. As of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, $17.4 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated holdings. The Company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working
capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. 
 
Capital Assets 
 
The Company’s cash payments for capital asset
purchases were $1.1 billion during 2009, consisting of $369 million for retail store facilities and $775 million for real estate acquisitions and corporate infrastructure including information systems enhancements. The Company anticipates utilizing
approximately $1.9 billion for capital asset purchases during 2010, including approximately $400 million for Retail facilities and approximately $1.5 billion for corporate facilities, infrastructure, and product tooling and manufacturing process
equipment. 
 
Historically the Company has opened between 25 and 50 new retail stores per year. During 2010, the Company expects
to open a number of new stores near the upper end of this range, over half of which are expected to be located outside of the U.S. 
 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 
The Company has not entered into any transactions
with unconsolidated entities whereby the Company has financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose the Company to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any
other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to the Company. 
 
The following table presents certain payments due by the Company under contractual obligations with minimum firm commitments as of September 26, 2009 and excludes amounts already recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as current liabilities (in millions): 
 
 








































 


  


    Total    


  


Payments
Due in
Less
Than
1 Year


  


Payments
Due in
1-3 Years


  


Payments
Due in
4-5 Years


  


Payments
Due in
More
Than
5 Years




 
Operating leases


  


$


1,922


  


$


222


  


$


462


  


$


413


  


$


825




 
Purchase obligations


  


 


4,783


  


 


4,783


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


—  




 
Asset retirement obligations


  


 


32


  


 


4


  


 


8


  


 


4


  


 


16




 
Other obligations


  


 


356


  


 


175


  


 


129


  


 


52


  


 


—  






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total


  


$


7,093


  


$


5,184


  


$


   599


  


$


   469


  


$


   841






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
Lease Commitments 
 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company had total outstanding commitments on noncancelable operating leases of $1.9 billion, $1.5 billion of which related to the lease of retail
space and related facilities. The Company’s major facility leases are generally for terms of one to 20 years and generally provide renewal options for terms of one to five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms of five to 20
years, the majority of which are for ten years, and often contain multi-year renewal options. 
 
Purchase Commitments with Contract
Manufacturers and Component Suppliers 
 
The Company utilizes several contract manufacturers to manufacture sub-assemblies
for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and test of finished products. These contract manufacturers acquire components

 
 


50 






Table of Contents



and build product based on demand information supplied by the Company, which typically covers periods ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Company also obtains individual components for its products
from a wide variety of individual suppliers. Consistent with industry practice, the Company acquires components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand information. Such purchase
commitments typically cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements for periods ranging from 30 to 150 days. In addition, the Company has an off-balance sheet warranty obligation for products accounted for under
subscription accounting whereby the Company recognizes warranty expense as incurred. As of September 26, 2009, the Company had outstanding off-balance sheet third-party manufacturing commitments, component purchase commitments and estimated
warranty commitments of $4.8 billion. 
 
The Company has entered into prepaid long-term supply agreements to secure the supply
of certain inventory components. During the first quarter of 2009, a long-term supply agreement with Intel Corporation was terminated and the remaining prepaid balance of $167 million was repaid to the Company. During the second and fourth quarters
of 2009, the Company made a prepayment of $500 million to LG Display for the purchase of LCD panels and a prepayment of $500 million to Toshiba to purchase NAND flash memory, respectively. As of September 26, 2009, the Company had a total
of $1.2 billion of inventory component prepayments outstanding. 
 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
The Company’s asset retirement obligations are associated with commitments to return property subject to operating leases to original
condition upon lease termination. As of September 26, 2009, the Company estimated that gross expected future cash flows of $32 million would be required to fulfill these obligations. 
 
Other Obligations 
 
Other
outstanding obligations were $356 million as of September 26, 2009, which related to advertising, research and development, Internet and telecommunications services and other obligations. 
 
As of September 26, 2009, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $971 million and an additional $291 million for gross interest and penalties classified as
non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that tax audit resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by between $105 million and $145 million in the next 12 months. At
this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual
obligation table. 
 
Indemnifications 
 
The Company generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and application software against legal claims that the software infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other
agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject to costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement claim against the Company or an indemnified third-party. However,
the Company has not been required to make any significant payments resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an indemnified third-party and, in the opinion of management, does not have a liability related to unresolved
infringement claims subject to indemnification that would materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results. Therefore, the Company did not record a liability for infringement costs as of either September 26, 2009 or
September 27, 2008. 
 
The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers.
Under these agreements, the Company has agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such

 
 


51 






Table of Contents



individuals in connection with related legal proceedings. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the Company could be required to make under these agreements due
to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each claim. However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations, and
payments made under these agreements historically have not materially adversely affected the Company’s financial condition or operating results. 
 
 






Item 7A.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 
The Company regularly
reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions, both on a stand-alone basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate related exposures. However, given the effective horizons of the Company’s risk
management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. In addition, the
timing of the accounting for recognition of gains and losses related to mark-to-market instruments for any given period may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses related to the underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely
affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
 
While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations in many of the world’s leading industrialized countries, the Company’s
interest income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuations in the general level of U.S. interest rates. As such, changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, the
fair value of those investments, as well as costs associated with foreign currency hedges. 
 
The Company’s investment
policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting the liquidity requirements of the Company. A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company’s investment policy
and to objective market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio is benchmarked against external manager performance. 
 
The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s investment portfolio. The Company typically invests in highly rated securities and its policy generally limits the amount of
credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company’s investment policy requires investments to be investment grade, primarily rated single-A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. All highly liquid
investments with initial maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The Company classifies its marketable securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’s underlying
contractual maturity date. All short-term marketable securities have maturities less than 12 months, while all long-term marketable securities have maturities ranging from one to five years. The Company may sell its investments prior to their stated
maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration management. The Company recognized no material net gains or losses during 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to such sales. 
 
To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, the Company performed
a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on investment positions as of September 26, 2009,
a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $176 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. As of September 27, 2008, a similar 100 basis point shift in the yield
curve would have resulted in a $46 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity. 
 
 


52 






Table of Contents


Foreign Currency Risk 
 
In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the
Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is also a risk that the Company will have to adjust local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there has been significant volatility in foreign
currency exchange rates. 
 
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions
to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash flows, and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Generally, the Company’s
practice is to hedge a majority of its material foreign exchange exposures, typically for three to six months. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to
immateriality, accounting considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. 
 
To provide a
meaningful assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the
potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate 3,000 random market price paths. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the
Company’s foreign exchange portfolio due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. The model assumes normal market conditions. Forecasted
transactions, firm commitments, and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of the model, the Company estimates with 95% confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $44
million as of September 26, 2009 compared to a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $60 million as of September 27, 2008. Because the Company uses foreign currency instruments for hedging purposes, losses incurred on those instruments are
generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying exposures. 
 
Actual future gains and losses associated with
the Company’s investment portfolio and derivative positions may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 26, 2009 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the changes in the timing and
amount of interest rates, foreign currency exchanges rates and the Company’s actual exposures and positions. 
 
 


53 






Table of Contents






Item 8.


Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 














 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements


  


Page




 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 


  


55




 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended September 26, 2009


  


56




 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the three years ended September 26, 2009




  


57




 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended September 26, 2009


  


58




 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


  


59




 
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


  


88




 
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


  


89




 
Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


  


91


 
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information
is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 


54 






Table of Contents


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
(In millions, except share amounts) 
 
 






















 


  


September 26, 2009


  


September 27, 2008




ASSETS:


  






  








 
Current assets:


  






  








 
Cash and cash equivalents


  


$


5,263


  


$


11,875




 
Short-term marketable securities


  


 


18,201


  


 


10,236




 
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $52 and $47, respectively


  


 


3,361


  


 


2,422




 
Inventories


  


 


455


  


 


509




 
Deferred tax assets


  


 


2,101


  


 


1,447




 
Other current assets


  


 


6,884


  


 


5,822






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total current assets


  


 


36,265


  


 


32,311




 
Long-term marketable securities


  


 


10,528


  


 


2,379




 
Property, plant and equipment, net


  


 


2,954


  


 


2,455




 
Goodwill


  


 


206


  


 


207




 
Acquired intangible assets, net


  


 


247


  


 


285




 
Other assets


  


 


3,651


  


 


1,935






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total assets


  


$


53,851


  


$


39,572






  


 


 


  


 


 




LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:


  






  
















 
Current liabilities:


  






  








 
Accounts payable


  


$


5,601


  


$


5,520




 
Accrued expenses


  


 


3,376


  


 


3,719




 
Deferred revenue


  


 


10,305


  


 


4,853






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total current liabilities


  


 


19,282


  


 


14,092




 
Deferred revenue - non-current


  


 


4,485


  


 


3,029




 
Other non-current liabilities


  


 


2,252


  


 


1,421






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total liabilities


  


 


26,019


  


 


18,542






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Commitments and contingencies


  






  
















 
Shareholders’ equity:


  






  








 
Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000,000 shares authorized; 899,805,500 and 888,325,973 shares issued and outstanding,
respectively


  


 


8,210


  


 


7,177




 
Retained earnings


  


 


19,538


  


 


13,845




 
Accumulated other comprehensive income


  


 


84


  


 


8






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total shareholders’ equity


  


 


27,832


  


 


21,030






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity


  


$


53,851


  


$


39,572






  


 


 


  


 


 


 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 


55 






Table of Contents


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts) 
 
 




























 
Three years ended September 26, 2009


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Net sales


  


$


36,537


  


$


32,479


  


$


24,006




 
Cost of sales


  


 


23,397


  


 


21,334


  


 


15,852






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Gross margin


  


 


13,140


  


 


11,145


  


 


8,154






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Operating expenses:


  






  






  








 
Research and development


  


 


1,333


  


 


1,109


  


 


782




 
Selling, general and administrative


  


 


4,149


  


 


3,761


  


 


2,963






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total operating expenses


  


 


5,482


  


 


4,870


  


 


3,745






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Operating income


  


 


7,658


  


 


6,275


  


 


4,409




 
Other income and expense


  


 


326


  


 


620


  


 


599






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Income before provision for income taxes


  


 


7,984


  


 


6,895


  


 


5,008




 
Provision for income taxes


  


 


2,280


  


 


2,061


  


 


1,512






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Net income


  


$


5,704


  


$


4,834


  


$


3,496






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Earnings per common share:


  






  






  








 
Basic


  


$


6.39


  


$


5.48


  


$


4.04




 
Diluted


  


$


6.29


  


$


5.36


  


$


3.93














 
Shares used in computing earnings per share:


  






  






  








 
Basic


  


 


893,016


  


 


881,592


  


 


864,595




 
Diluted


  


 


907,005


  


 


902,139


  


 


889,292


 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 


56 






Table of Contents


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

 
(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) 
 
 














































 


  


Common Stock


 


 


Retained
Earnings


 


 


Accum-
ulated
Other
Compre-
hensive
Income


 


 


Total
Share-
holders’
Equity


 




 


  


Shares


  


Amount


 


 


 


 




 
Balances as of September 30, 2006


  


855,263


  


$


4,355


  


 


$


5,607


  


 


$


22


  


 


$


9,984


  




 
Components of comprehensive income:


  




  








 








 








 










 
Net income


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


3,496


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


3,496


  




 
Change in foreign currency translation


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


51


  


 


 


51


  




 
Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(7


) 


 


 


(7


) 




 
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(3


) 


 


 


(3


) 






  




  








 








 








 


 


 


 




 
Total comprehensive income


  




  








 








 








 


 


3,537


  




 
Stock-based compensation


  


—  


  


 


251


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


251


  




 
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


  


17,066


  


 


364


  


 


 


(2


) 


 


 


—  


  


 


 


362


  




 
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards


  


—  


  


 


398


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


398


  






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Balances as of September 29, 2007


  


872,329


  


 


5,368


  


 


 


9,101


  


 


 


63


  


 


 


14,532


  






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle


  


—  


  


 


45


  


 


 


11


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


56


  




 
Components of comprehensive income:


  




  








 








 








 










 
Net income


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


4,834


  


 








 


 


4,834


  




 
Change in foreign currency translation


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(11


) 


 


 


(11


) 




 
Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(63


) 


 


 


(63


) 




 
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


19


  


 


 


19


  






  




  








 








 








 


 


 


 




 
Total comprehensive income


  




  








 








 








 


 


4,779


  




 
Stock-based compensation


  


—  


  


 


513


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


513


  




 
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


  


15,888


  


 


460


  


 


 


(101


) 


 


 


—  


  


 


 


359


  




 
Issuance of common stock in connection with an asset acquisition


  


109


  


 


21


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


21


  




 
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards


  


—  


  


 


770


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


770


  






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Balances as of September 27, 2008


  


888,326


  


 


7,177


  


 


 


13,845


  


 


 


8


  


 


 


21,030


  






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Components of comprehensive income:


  




  








 








 








 










 
Net income


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


5,704


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


5,704


  




 
Change in foreign currency translation


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(54


) 


 


 


(54


) 




 
Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


118


  


 


 


118


  




 
Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


12


  


 


 


12


  






  




  








 








 








 


 


 


 




 
Total comprehensive income


  




  








 








 








 


 


5,780


  




 
Stock-based compensation


  


—  


  


 


707


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


707


  




 
Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


  


11,480


  


 


404


  


 


 


(11


) 


 


 


—  


  


 


 


393


  




 
Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards, including transfer pricing adjustments


  


—  


  


 


(78


) 


 


 


—  


  


 


 


—  


  


 


 


(78


) 






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Balances as of September 26, 2009


  


899,806


  


$


  8,210


  


 


$


19,538


  


 


$


       84


  


 


$


27,832


  






  


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 


57 






Table of Contents


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
(In millions) 
 
 


































 
Three years ended September 26, 2009


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year


  


$


11,875


  


 


$


9,352


  


 


$


6,392


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Operating Activities:


  








 








 










 
Net income


  


 


5,704


  


 


 


4,834


  


 


 


3,496


  




 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities:


  








 








 










 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


 


703


  


 


 


473


  


 


 


317


  




 
Stock-based compensation expense


  


 


710


  


 


 


516


  


 


 


242


  




 
Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense


  


 


(519


) 


 


 


(368


) 


 


 


78


  




 
Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment


  


 


26


  


 


 


22


  


 


 


12


  




 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


  








 








 










 
Accounts receivable, net


  


 


(939


) 


 


 


(785


) 


 


 


(385


) 




 
Inventories


  


 


54


  


 


 


(163


) 


 


 


(76


) 




 
Other current assets


  


 


(1,050


) 


 


 


(1,958


) 


 


 


(1,540


) 




 
Other assets


  


 


(1,346


) 


 


 


(492


) 


 


 


81


  




 
Accounts payable


  


 


92


  


 


 


596


  


 


 


1,494


  




 
Deferred revenue


  


 


6,908


  


 


 


5,642


  


 


 


1,139


  




 
Other liabilities


  


 


(184


) 


 


 


1,279


  


 


 


612


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Cash generated by operating activities


  


 


10,159


  


 


 


9,596


  


 


 


5,470


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Investing Activities:


  








 








 










 
Purchases of marketable securities


  


 


(46,724


) 


 


 


(22,965


) 


 


 


(11,719


) 




 
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities


  


 


19,790


  


 


 


11,804


  


 


 


6,483


  




 
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities


  


 


10,888


  


 


 


4,439


  


 


 


2,941


  




 
Purchases of other long-term investments


  


 


(101


) 


 


 


(38


) 


 


 


(17


) 




 
Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired


  


 


—  


  


 


 


(220


) 


 


 


—  


  




 
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment


  


 


(1,144


) 


 


 


(1,091


) 


 


 


(735


) 




 
Payment for acquisition of intangible assets


  


 


(69


) 


 


 


(108


) 


 


 


(251


) 




 
Other


  


 


(74


) 


 


 


(10


) 


 


 


49


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Cash used in investing activities


  


 


(17,434


) 


 


 


(8,189


) 


 


 


(3,249


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Financing Activities:


  








 








 










 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock


  


 


475


  


 


 


483


  


 


 


365


  




 
Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation


  


 


270


  


 


 


757


  


 


 


377


  




 
Cash used to net share settle equity awards


  


 


(82


) 


 


 


(124


) 


 


 


(3


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Cash generated by financing activities


  


 


663


  


 


 


1,116


  


 


 


739


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents


  


 


(6,612


) 


 


 


2,523


  


 


 


2,960


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year


  


$


5,263


  


 


$


11,875


  


 


$


9,352


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Supplemental cash flow disclosures:


  








 








 










 
Cash paid for income taxes, net


  


$


2,997


  


 


$


1,267


  


 


$


863


  


 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 


58 






Table of Contents


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively “Apple” or the “Company”) design, manufacture, and market personal computers, mobile communication devices, and portable
digital music and video players and sell a variety of related software, third-party digital content and applications, services, peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company sells its products worldwide through its online stores, its retail
stores, its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third-party Macintosh (“Mac”), iPhone and iPod compatible products including application
software, printers, storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and supplies through its online and retail stores. The Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business (“SMB”), education, enterprise,
government and creative customers. 
 
Basis of Presentation and Preparation 
 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 
Certain prior year amounts in the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. During the first quarter of 2009, the Company reclassified $2.4 billion of certain fixed-income securities from
short-term marketable securities to long-term marketable securities in the September 27, 2008 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The reclassification resulted from a change in accounting presentation for certain investments based on contractual
maturity dates, which more closely reflects the Company’s assessment of the timing of when such securities will be converted to cash. As a result of this change, marketable securities with maturities less than 12 months are classified as
short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. There have been no changes in the Company’s investment policies or practices associated with this change in accounting presentation. See
Note 2, “Financial Instruments” of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
The Company’s fiscal year is the
52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The Company’s fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on September 26, 2009, September 27, 2008 and September 29, 2007, respectively, and included 52 weeks
each. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the Company’s fiscal
years ended in September and the associated quarters of those fiscal years. 
 
In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) established general accounting standards and disclosure for subsequent events. The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 855,
 Subsequent Events 
(formerly referenced as
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 165, 
Subsequent Events
), during the third quarter of 2009. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date and time the financial statements were issued on
October 27, 2009. 
 
Financial Instruments 
 
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 
All highly liquid investments
with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The Company’s debt and marketable equity securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management determines the
appropriate classification of its investments in debt securities at

 
 


59 






Table of Contents



the time of purchase and reevaluates the available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term
based on each instrument’s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of shareholders’ equity. The cost of securities sold is based upon the specific identification method.

 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
During the second quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815, 
Derivatives and Hedging
 (formerly referenced as SFAS No. 161, 
Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities – an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133
), which requires additional disclosures about the Company’s objectives and strategies for using derivative instruments, how the derivative instruments and related hedged items
are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and related hedged item affect the financial statements. 
 
The Company
accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. 
 
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to
expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments that hedge
the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged
risk are recognized in earnings in the current period. The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative instruments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The net gain or loss on the effective portion of a derivative instrument that is
designated as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward exchange contracts designated as net
investment hedges, the Company excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in current earnings.

 
Fair Value Measurements 
 
During the first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 820, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
(formerly referenced as SFAS No. 157, 
Fair Value Measurements
), which
defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair value and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements. This new accounting standard does not require any new fair value measurements. The Company applies fair value accounting
for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair
value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent
risk, transfer restrictions and credit risk. 
 
During the first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
825, 
Financial Instruments
 (formerly referenced as SFAS No. 159, 
The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities – Including


 
 


60 






Table of Contents




an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115
)
,
 which allows companies to choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not required
to be measured at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments. 
 
Inventories 


 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method, or market. If the cost of the
inventories exceeds their market value, provisions are made currently for the difference between the cost and the market value. The Company’s inventories consist primarily of finished goods for all periods presented. 
 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the remaining life of the
underlying building, up to five years for equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred subsequent to the
preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs related to internal-use software are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization expense on
property and equipment was $577 million, $363 million and $249 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
Asset Retirement
Obligations 
 
The Company records obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the
associated asset retirement costs. The Company reviews legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal use of the assets. If it is determined that a
legal obligation exists, the fair value of the liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value of the liability is added to the
carrying amount of the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is depreciated over the life of the asset. The difference between the gross expected future cash flow and its present value is accreted over the life of the related lease as
an operating expense. All of the Company’s existing asset retirement obligations are associated with commitments to return property subject to operating leases to original condition upon lease termination. The Company’s asset retirement
liability was $25 million and $21 million as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively. 
 
Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment and certain
identifiable intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets
is measured by comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market value. The Company did not record any material impairments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests on or about August 31 of each year. The Company did not recognize any goodwill or
intangible asset impairment charges in 2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company established reporting units based on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these reporting units to
the extent it relates to each reporting unit. 
 
 


61 






Table of Contents


The Company amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their estimated useful
lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten years. 
 
Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement 
 
The Company translates the
assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those
in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are credited or charged to foreign currency translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries that use
the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses
from these remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the Company’s results of operations. 
 
Revenue Recognition 


 
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software, digital content and applications, peripherals, and
service and support contracts. For any product within these groups that either is software, or is considered software-related (e.g., Mac computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music and video players), the Company accounts for such products in
accordance with the specific industry accounting guidance for software and software related transactions. The Company applies various revenue-related GAAP for products that are not software or software-related, such as digital content sold on the
iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone and iPod supplies and accessories, which is described below. 
 
The Company recognizes
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and risk of
loss have been transferred. For most of the Company’s product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the
Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or
is presumed not to be, fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred and subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met. 
 
Revenue from service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the service coverage periods. These contracts typically include extended phone support, repair
services, web-based support resources, diagnostic tools, and extend the service coverage offered under the Company’s standard limited warranty. 
 
The Company sells software and peripheral products obtained from other companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales
transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other companies based on the gross amount billed.

 
The Company accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of software or software-related products in
accordance with industry specific accounting guidance for software and software related transactions. If a multiple-element arrangement includes deliverables that are neither software nor software-related, the Company applies various revenue-related
GAAP to determine if those deliverables constitute separate units of accounting from the software or software-related deliverables. If the Company can separate the deliverables, the Company applies the industry specific accounting guidance to the
software and software-related deliverables and applies other appropriate guidance to the non-software related deliverables. Revenue on arrangements that include multiple elements such as hardware, software and services is allocated to each element
based on the

 
 


62 






Table of Contents



relative fair value of each element. Each element’s allocated revenue is recognized when the revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. Fair value is generally determined
by vendor specific objective evidence (“VSOE”), which is based on the price charged when each element is sold separately. If the Company cannot objectively determine the fair value of any undelivered element included in a multiple-element
arrangement, the Company defers revenue until all elements are delivered and services have been performed, or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. When the fair value of a delivered element has not
been established, but fair value exists for the undelivered elements, the Company uses the residual method to recognize revenue if the fair value of all undelivered elements is determinable. Under the residual method, the fair value of the
undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as revenue. 
 
For both iPhone and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time provide future unspecified features and additional software products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone
handsets and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized on a straight-line basis over the
currently estimated 24-month economic life of these products, with any loss recognized at the time of sale. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales, marketing and warranty are expensed as incurred. 
 
The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price protection and for customer incentive programs,
including reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is accrued as a reduction to revenue in the period the Company has sold the product and committed to a plan. The
Company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company’s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the
collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority. 
 
Generally, the Company
does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales or the sale of extended warranty and support contracts. When the Company does offer specified upgrade rights, the Company defers revenue for
the fair value of the specified upgrade right until the future obligation is fulfilled or the right to the specified upgrade expires. A limited number of the Company’s software products are available with maintenance agreements that grant
customers rights to unspecified future upgrades over the maintenance term on a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. 
 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
The Company records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of the Company’s customers,
current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers’ ability to pay. 
 
Shipping Costs 
 
For all periods presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as revenue, and the Company’s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales. 
 
Warranty Expense 
 
The Company generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The Company assesses the adequacy of its
preexisting warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty expense as incurred.

 
 


63 






Table of Contents


Software Development Costs 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are subject to capitalization beginning when
a product’s technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company’s products are released soon after technological feasibility has been
established. Therefore, costs incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are usually not significant, and generally most software development costs have been expensed. 
 
In 2009 and 2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million, respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (“Mac OS X
Snow Leopard”), which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. During 2007, the Company capitalized $75 million of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard (“Mac OS X Leopard”) and iPhone software.
The capitalized costs are being amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis over a three year estimated useful life of the underlying technology.
 
Total amortization related to capitalized software development costs was $25 million, $27 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
Advertising Costs 
 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $501 million, $486 million and $467 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
Stock-Based Compensation 
 
The Company accounts for stock-based payment
transactions in which the Company receives employee services in exchange for (a) equity instruments of the enterprise or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise’s equity instruments or that may be settled by
the issuance of such equity instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation
cost for stock options is estimated at the grant date based on each option’s fair-value as calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (“BSM”) option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost as expense ratably on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax law. In addition, the
Company accounts for the indirect effects of stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the income statement. Further information regarding stock-based compensation
can be found in Note 7, “Shareholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation.” 
 
Income Taxes 
 
The provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 
 
During 2008, the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) 740,
 Income Taxes 
(formerly referenced as FASB Financial Interpretation No. 48, 
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an


 
 


64 






Table of Contents




interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109)
, which changed the framework for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are
then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. See Note 6, “Income Taxes” for additional information, including the effects of adoption on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. 
 
Earnings Per Common Share 
 
Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of
common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and unvested RSUs.
The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company’s common
stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive securities. 
 
The following table sets forth the
computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in thousands, except net income in millions and per share amounts): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Numerator:


  






  






  








 
Net income


  


$


5,704


  


$


4,834


  


$


3,496














 
Denominator:


  






  






  








 
Weighted-average shares outstanding


  


 


893,016


  


 


881,592


  


 


864,595




 
Effect of dilutive securities


  


 


13,989


  


 


20,547


  


 


24,697






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Weighted-average shares diluted


  


 


907,005


  


 


902,139


  


 


889,292






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Basic earnings per common share


  


$


6.39


  


$


5.48


  


$


4.04














 
Diluted earnings per common share


  


$


6.29


  


$


5.36


  


$


3.93


 
Potentially dilutive securities representing 12.6 million, 10.3 million and
13.7 million shares of common stock for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods because their effect would have been antidilutive. 
 
Comprehensive Income 
 
Comprehensive income consists of two components, net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue, expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders’ equity but
are excluded from net income. The Company’s other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized gains and losses on
marketable securities categorized as available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
 
Segment Information 
 
The Company reports segment information based on the
“management” approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company’s reportable segments. Information about the
Company’s products, major customers and geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also disclosed. 
 
 


65 






Table of Contents


Note 2 – Financial Instruments 
 
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 
The following table
summarizes the fair value of the Company’s cash and available-for-sale securities held in its marketable securities investment portfolio, recorded as cash and cash equivalents or short-term or long-term marketable securities as of
September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
 






















 


  


 September 26, 
2009


  


 September 27, 
2008




 
Cash


  


$


1,139


  


$


368






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Money market funds


  


 


1,608


  


 


1,536




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


289


  


 


118




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


273


  


 


2,798




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


572


  


 


2,560




 
Commercial paper


  


 


1,381


  


 


4,429




 
Corporate securities


  


 


—  


  


 


66




 
Municipal securities


  


 


1


  


 


—  






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total cash equivalents


  


 


4,124


  


 


11,507






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


2,843


  


 


343




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


8,582


  


 


5,823




 
Non-U.S. government securities


  


 


219


  


 


83




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


1,142


  


 


486




 
Commercial paper


  


 


2,816


  


 


1,254




 
Corporate securities


  


 


2,466


  


 


2,247




 
Municipal securities


  


 


133


  


 


—  






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total short-term marketable securities


  


 


18,201


  


 


10,236






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


484


  


 


100




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


2,252


  


 


751




 
Non-U.S. government securities


  


 


102


  


 


—  




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


—  


  


 


32




 
Corporate securities


  


 


7,320


  


 


1,496




 
Municipal securities


  


 


370


  


 


—  






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total long-term marketable securities


  


 


10,528


  


 


2,379






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities


  


$


33,992


  


$


24,490






  


 


 


  


 


 


 
During the first quarter of 2009, the Company changed its accounting presentation for
certain fixed-income investments, which resulted in the reclassification of certain investments from short-term marketable securities to long-term marketable securities. As a result, prior year balances have been reclassified to conform to the
current year’s presentation. The Company classifies its marketable securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument’s underlying contractual maturity date, while its prior classifications were based on the nature of
the securities and their availability for use in current operations. As a result of this change, marketable securities with maturities of less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than 12
months are classified as long-term. The Company’s long-term marketable securities’ maturities range from one year to five years. The Company believes this new presentation is preferable as it more closely reflects the Company’s
assessment of the timing of when such securities will be converted to cash. Accordingly, certain fixed-income investments totaling $2.4 billion have been reclassified from short-term marketable securities to long-term marketable securities in
the September 27, 2008 Consolidated Balance Sheet to conform to the current year’s financial statement presentation. There have been no changes in the Company’s investment policies or practices associated with this change in
accounting presentation. 
 
 


66 






Table of Contents


The following tables summarize the Company’s available-for-sale securities’
adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
 




































 


  


September 26, 2009




 


  


Adjusted
Cost


  


Unrealized
Gains


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value




 
Money market funds


  


$


1,608


  


$


      —  


  


$


—  


  


 


$


1,608




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


3,610


  


 


6


  


 


—  


  


 


 


3,616




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


11,085


  


 


22


  


 


—  


  


 


 


11,107




 
Non-U.S. government securities


  


 


320


  


 


1


  


 


—  


  


 


 


321




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


1,714


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


1,714




 
Commercial paper


  


 


4,197


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


4,197




 
Corporate securities


  


 


9,760


  


 


42


  


 


(16


) 


 


 


9,786




 
Municipal securities


  


 


502


  


 


2


  


 


—  


  


 


 


504






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total cash equivalents and marketable securities


  


$


 32,796


  


$


73


  


$


       (16


) 


 


$


 32,853






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 




































 


  


September 27, 2008




 


  


Adjusted
Cost


  


Unrealized
Gains


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value




 
Money market funds


  


$


1,536


  


$


      —  


  


$


—  


  


 


$


1,536




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


559


  


 


2


  


 


—  


  


 


 


561




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


9,383


  


 


2


  


 


(13


) 


 


 


9,372




 
Non-U.S. government securities


  


 


83


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


83




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


3,078


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


3,078




 
Commercial paper


  


 


5,683


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


 


5,683




 
Corporate securities


  


 


3,917


  


 


—  


  


 


(108


) 


 


 


3,809






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total cash equivalents and marketable securities


  


$


 24,239


  


$


4


  


$


     (121


) 


 


$


 24,122






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
The Company had net unrealized gains on its investment portfolio of $57 million as of
September 26, 2009 and net unrealized losses on its investment portfolio of $117 million as of September 27, 2008. The net unrealized gains as of September 26, 2009 and the net unrealized losses as of September 27, 2008 related
primarily to long-term marketable securities. The Company may sell certain of its marketable securities prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration management. The Company
recognized no material net gains or losses during 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to such sales. 
 
The following table shows the
gross unrealized losses and fair value for investments in an unrealized loss position as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous loss position (in millions): 
 
 
















































 


  


September 26, 2009


 




 


  


Less than 12 Months


 


 


12 Months or Greater


 


 


Total


 




 
Security Description


  


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Loss


 




 
Corporate securities


  


$


   1,667


  


$


(3


) 


 


$


719


  


$       (13)


  


 


$   2,386


  


$


(16


) 






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 




 
Total


  


$


1,667


  


$


(3


) 


 


$


719


  


$       (13)


  


 


$   2,386


  


$


(16


) 






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 










 


  


September 27, 2008


 




 


  


Less than 12 Months


 


 


12 Months or Greater


 


 


Total


 




 
Security Description


  


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Losses


 


 


Fair
Value


  


Unrealized
Loss


 




 
U.S. agency securities


  


$


6,822


  


$


(13


) 


 


$


—  


  


$      —  


  


 


$   6,822


  


$


(13


) 




 
Corporate securities


  


 


2,147


  


 


(31


) 


 


 


1,148


  


(77


) 


 


3,295


  


 


(108


) 






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 




 
Total


  


$


8,969


  


$


       (44


) 


 


$


   1,148


  


$       (77


) 


 


$ 10,117


  


$


     (121


) 






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


 


 
 


67 






Table of Contents


The Company considers the declines in market value of its marketable securities investment
portfolio to be temporary in nature. The unrealized losses on the Company’s marketable securities were caused primarily by changes in market interest rates, specifically, widening credit spreads. The Company typically invests in highly-rated
securities, and its policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company’s investment policy requires investments to be investment grade, primarily rated single-A or better, with the objective of minimizing the
potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were determined for each individual security in the investment portfolio. When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and
extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required to sell, the investment before
recovery of the investment’s amortized cost basis. During the years ended September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, the Company did not recognize any material impairment charges. As of September 26, 2009, the Company does not
consider any of its investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 
 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
The Company uses derivatives to partially offset its business exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. The Company may enter into foreign
currency forward and option contracts to offset some of the foreign exchange risk of expected future cash flows on certain forecasted revenue and cost of sales, of net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and
liabilities. To help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Company’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar, hedge a portion of forecasted foreign currency revenue. The
Company’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar and who sell in local currencies, may hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases not denominated in the subsidiaries’ functional currencies. The Company
typically hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases for three to six months. To help protect the net investment in a foreign operation from adverse changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, the Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts to offset the changes in the carrying amounts of these investments due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company may also enter into
foreign currency forward and option contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. However, the Company may
choose not to hedge certain foreign currency exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to immateriality, accounting considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no
assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
The Company’s accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge instruments. The Company records all derivatives on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets at fair value. The effective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The effective portions of net investment hedges are recorded in other comprehensive
income as a part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings in other
income and expense. 
 
The Company had a net deferred gain associated with cash flow hedges of approximately $31 million and $19
million, net of taxes, recorded in other comprehensive income as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively. Other comprehensive income associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currency revenue is recognized as a
component of net sales in the same period as the related revenue is recognized, and other comprehensive income related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases is recognized as a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related costs
are recognized. The portion of the Company’s net deferred gain related to products under subscription accounting is expected to be recorded in earnings ratably over the related products’ estimated economic lives beginning when the hedged
transactions occur, while the portion of the net deferred gain related to other products is expected to be recorded in earnings at the time the hedged transactions occur. As of September 26, 2009, the hedged transactions are expected to occur
within six months. 
 
 


68 






Table of Contents


Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as hedges when
it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two month time period. Deferred gains and losses in other comprehensive income associated with such derivative instruments
are reclassified immediately into earnings through other income and expense. Any subsequent changes in fair value of such derivative instruments also are reflected in current earnings unless they are re-designated as hedges of other transactions.
The Company did not recognize any material net gains or losses related to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash flow hedges during 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
The Company had an unrealized net loss on net investment hedges of $2 million and $1 million, net of taxes, included in the cumulative translation adjustment account of accumulated other comprehensive
income (“AOCI”) as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively. The ineffective portions and amounts excluded from the effectiveness test of net investment hedges are recorded in current earnings in other income
and expense. 
 
The Company recognized in earnings a net gain of $133 million on foreign currency forward and option contracts
not designated as hedging instruments during the year ended September 26, 2009. 
 
The following table shows the notional
principal and credit risk amounts of the Company’s derivative instruments outstanding as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


2009


  


2008




 


  


Notional
Principal


  


Credit
Risk
Amounts


  


Notional
Principal


  


Credit
Risk
Amounts




 
Instruments qualifying as accounting hedges:


  






  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


4,422


  


$


     31


  


$


5,902


  


$


   107
















 
Instruments other than accounting hedges:


  






  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


3,416


  


$


10


  


$


2,868


  


$


8


 
The notional principal amounts for derivative instruments provide one measure of the
transaction volume outstanding as of September 26, 2009, and do not represent the amount of the Company’s exposure to credit or market loss. The credit risk amounts represent the Company’s gross exposure to potential accounting loss
on these transactions if all counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of the contract, based on then-current currency exchange rates at each respective date. The Company’s gross exposure on these transactions may be further
mitigated by collateral received from certain counterparties. The Company’s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary over time as a function of currency exchange rates. Although the table above reflects the notional principal and
credit risk amounts of the Company’s foreign exchange instruments, it does not reflect the gains or losses associated with the exposures and transactions that the foreign exchange instruments are intended to hedge. The amounts ultimately
realized upon settlement of these financial instruments, together with the gains and losses on the underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instruments. 
 
The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with
the same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, the Company generally enters into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received when the net fair value of certain financial instruments exceeds contractually
established thresholds. The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities at their gross fair values. The Company did not record a material amount of cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under its master
netting arrangements as of September 26, 2009. The Company did not have any derivative instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that would require it to post additional collateral as of September 26, 2009. 
 
The estimates of fair value are based on applicable and commonly used pricing models and prevailing financial market information as of
September 26, 2009. Refer to Note 3, “Fair Value Measurements” of this Form 10-K,

 
 


69 






Table of Contents



for additional information on the fair value measurements for all financial assets and liabilities, including derivative assets and derivative liabilities, that are measured at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis. The following tables shows the Company’s derivative instruments measured at gross fair value as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 26, 2009 and
September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
 




























 


  


September 26, 2009




 


  


Fair Value of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedge Instruments


  


Fair Value of
Derivatives Not
Designated as Hedge
Instruments


  


Total Fair Value




 
Derivative assets (a):


  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


  27


  


$


  10


  


$


  37














 
Derivative liabilities (b):


  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


24


  


$


1


  


$


25


 
 




























 


  


September 27, 2008




 


  


Fair Value of
Derivatives
Designated as
Hedge Instruments


  


Fair Value of
Derivatives Not
Designated as Hedge
Instruments


  


Total Fair Value




 
Derivative assets (a):


  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


107


  


$


    8


  


$


115














 
Derivative liabilities (b):


  






  






  








 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


68


  


$


2


  


$


70


 
 






(a)


 
All derivative assets are recorded as other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 






(b)


 
All derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
The following table shows the effect of the Company’s derivative instruments designated as cash flow and net investment hedges in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 








































 


  


Year Ended September 26, 2009


 




 


  


Gain or (Loss)
Recognized in
AOCI - Effective
Portion (a)


 


 


Location of Gain
or (Loss)
Reclassified
from AOCI into
Income -
Effective
Portion


  


Gain or (Loss)
Reclassified from
AOCI into
Income -
Effective
Portion
(a)


  


Location of Gain
or (Loss)
Recognized -
Ineffective
Portion and
Amount
Excluded
from
Effectiveness
Testing


  


Gain or (Loss)
Recognized -
Ineffective Portion
and Amount
Excluded
from
Effectiveness
Testing


 




 
Cash flow hedges:


  








 




  






  




  










 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


$


283


  


 


 
Net sales


  


$


251


  


 
Other income and
expense


  


$


(83


) 




 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


 


55


  


 


 
Cost of sales


  


 


72


  


Other income
and expense


  


 


(14


) 


















 
Net investment hedges:


  








 




  






  




  










 
Foreign exchange contracts


  


 


(44


) 


 


 
Other income
and expense


  


 


—  


  


Other income
and expense


  


 


3


  






  


 


 


 


 




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


 




 
Total


  


$


294


  


 




  


$


323


  




  


$


(94


) 






  


 


 


 


 




  


 


 


  




  


 


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
Refer to Note 7, “Shareholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation” of this Form 10-K, which summarizes the activity in accumulated
other comprehensive income related to derivatives. 
 
 


70 






Table of Contents


Accounts Receivable 
 
Trade Receivables 
 
The Company distributes its products through third-party
distributors, cellular network carriers, and resellers and directly to certain education, consumer and enterprise customers. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers; however, the Company will require collateral in
certain instances to limit credit risk. In addition, when possible, the Company attempts to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain customers in Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, or by requiring third-party
financing, loans or leases to support credit exposure. These credit-financing arrangements are directly between the third-party financing company and the end customer. As such, the Company generally does not assume any recourse or credit risk
sharing related to any of these arrangements. However, considerable trade receivables not covered by collateral, third-party financing arrangements, or credit insurance are outstanding with the Company’s distribution and retail channel
partners. Trade receivables from one of the Company’s customers accounted for 16% of trade receivables as of September 26, 2009 and two of the Company’s customers accounted for 15% and 10%, respectively, of trade receivables as of
September 27, 2008. 
 
The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the three
years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 






























 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Beginning allowance balance


  


$ 47


  


 


$


47


  


 


$ 52


  




 
Charged to costs and expenses


  


25


  


 


 


3


  


 


12


  




 
Deductions


  


(20


) 


 


 


(3


) 


 


(17


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Ending allowance balance


  


$ 52


  


 


$


 47


  


 


$ 47


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Vendor Non-Trade Receivables 
 
The Company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of raw material components to these manufacturing vendors who manufacture
sub-assemblies or assemble final products for the Company. The Company purchases these raw material components directly from suppliers. These non-trade receivables, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other current assets,
totaled $1.7 billion and $2.3 billion as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, respectively. Vendor non-trade receivables from two of the Company’s vendors accounted for 40% and 36%, respectively, of non-trade receivables as
of September 26, 2009 and two of the Company’s vendors accounted for 47% and 38%, respectively, of non-trade receivables as of September 27, 2008. The Company does not reflect the sale of these components in net sales and does not
recognize any profits on these sales until the related products are sold by the Company, at which time any profit is recognized as a reduction of cost of sales. 
 
Note 3 – Fair Value Measurements 
 
The Company defines fair value as
the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are
required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit risk. 
 
 


71 






Table of Contents


The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to
measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: 
 
Level 1
 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
Level 2 
– Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets,
or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 
Level 3 
– Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

 
The Company’s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market funds and certain marketable equity
securities were derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of all other financial instruments, all of which have counterparties with high credit ratings,
were valued based on quoted market prices or model driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 
Assets/Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
The following table presents the Company’s
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


September 26, 2009




 


  


Quoted Prices
in Active
Markets for
Identical
Instruments
(Level 1)


  


Significant
Other
Observable
Inputs
(Level 2)


  


Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3)


  


Total (a)




 
Assets:


  






  






  






  








 
Money market funds


  


$


1,608


  


$


—  


  


$


—  


  


$


1,608




 
U.S. Treasury securities


  


 


—  


  


 


3,616


  


 


—  


  


 


3,616




 
U.S. agency securities


  


 


—  


  


 


11,107


  


 


—  


  


 


11,107




 
Non-U.S. government securities


  


 


—  


  


 


321


  


 


—  


  


 


321




 
Certificates of deposit and time deposits


  


 


—  


  


 


1,714


  


 


—  


  


 


1,714




 
Commercial paper


  


 


—  


  


 


4,197


  


 


—  


  


 


4,197




 
Corporate securities


  


 


—  


  


 


9,786


  


 


—  


  


 


9,786




 
Municipal securities


  


 


—  


  


 


504


  


 


—  


  


 


504




 
Marketable equity securities


  


 


61


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


61




 
Derivative assets


  


 


—  


  


 


37


  


 


—  


  


 


37






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total assets measured at fair value


  


$


  1,669


  


$


31,282


  


$


     —  


  


$


32,951






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Liabilities:


  






  






  






  








 
Derivative liabilities


  


$


—  


  


$


25


  


$


—  


  


$


25






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total liabilities measured at fair value


  


$


—  


  


$


25


  


$


—  


  


$


25






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also represent the related carrying amounts. 
 
 


72 






Table of Contents


The following table summarizes the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis as presented in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


September 26, 2009




 


  


Quoted Prices
in Active
Markets for
Identical
Instruments
(Level 1)


  


Significant
Other
Observable
Inputs
(Level 2)


  


Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3)


  


Total (a)




 
Assets:


  






  






  






  








 
Cash equivalents


  


$


1,608


  


$


2,516


  


$


—  


  


$


4,124




 
Short-term marketable securities


  


 


—  


  


 


18,201


  


 


—  


  


 


18,201




 
Long-term marketable securities


  


 


—  


  


 


10,528


  


 


—  


  


 


10,528




 
Other current assets


  


 


—  


  


 


37


  


 


—  


  


 


37




 
Other assets


  


 


61


  


 


—  


  


 


—  


  


 


61






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total assets measured at fair value


  


$


  1,669


  


$


31,282


  


$


   —  


  


$


32,951






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Liabilities:


  






  






  






  








 
Other current liabilities


  


$


—  


  


$


25


  


$


—  


  


$


25






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total liabilities measured at fair value


  


$


—  


  


$


25


  


$


—  


  


$


25






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also represent the related carrying amounts. 
 
Note 4 – Consolidated Financial Statement Details 
 
The following tables show the Company’s consolidated financial statement details as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
Other Current Assets 
 
 
























 


  


2009


 


 


2008




 
Deferred costs under subscription accounting - current


  


$


 3,703


  


 


$


 1,931




 
Vendor non-trade receivables


  


 


1,696


  


 


 


2,282




 
Inventory component prepayments - current


  


 


309


  


 


 


475




 
Other current assets


  


 


1,176


  


 


 


1,134






  


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total other current assets


  


$


6,884


  


 


$


5,822






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 






















 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 




 
Land and buildings


  


$    955


  


 


$    810


  




 
Machinery, equipment and internal-use software


  


1,932


  


 


1,491


  




 
Office furniture and equipment


  


115


  


 


122


  




 
Leasehold improvements


  


1,665


  


 


1,324


  






  


 


 


 


 


 




 
Gross property, plant and equipment


  


4,667


  


 


3,747


  




 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization


  


(1,713


) 


 


(1,292


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 




 
Net property, plant and equipment


  


$ 2,954


  


 


$ 2,455


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 
 


73 






Table of Contents


Other Assets 
 
 


























 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 




 
Deferred costs under subscription accounting - non-current


  


$


1,468


  


 


$


1,089


  




 
Inventory component prepayments - non-current


  


 


844


  


 


 


208


  




 
Deferred tax assets - non-current


  


 


259


  


 


 


138


  




 
Capitalized software development costs, net


  


 


106


  


 


 


67


  




 
Other assets


  


 


974


  


 


 


433


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total other assets


  


$


3,651


  


 


$


1,935


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Accrued Expenses 
 
 


























 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 




 
Income taxes payable


  


$


439


  


 


$


502


  




 
Accrued marketing and distribution


  


 


359


  


 


 


329


  




 
Accrued compensation and employee benefits


  


 


357


  


 


 


320


  




 
Deferred margin on component sales


  


 


225


  


 


 


681


  




 
Accrued warranty and related costs


  


 


210


  


 


 


267


  




 
Other current liabilities


  


 


1,786


  


 


 


1,620


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total accrued expenses


  


$


3,376


  


 


$


3,719


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Non-Current Liabilities 
 
 


























 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 




 
Deferred tax liabilities


  


$


966


  


 


$


675


  




 
Other non-current liabilities


  


 


1,286


  


 


 


746


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total other non-current liabilities


  


$


2,252


  


 


$


1,421


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
Note 5 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten years. The
following table summarizes the components of gross and net intangible asset balances as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions): 
 
 


















































 


  


2009


  


2008




 


  


Gross
Carrying
Amount


  


Accumulated
Amortization


 


 


Net
Carrying
Amount


  


Gross
Carrying
Amount


  


Accumulated
Amortization


 


 


Net
Carrying
Amount




 
Definite lived and amortizable acquired technology


  


$


 323


  


$


(176


) 


 


$


 147


  


$


 308


  


$


(123


) 


 


$


 185




 
Indefinite lived and unamortizable trademarks


  


 


100


  


 


—  


  


 


 


100


  


 


100


  


 


—  


  


 


 


100






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total acquired intangible assets


  


$


423


  


$


(176


) 


 


$


247


  


$


408


  


$


(123


) 


 


$


285






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Goodwill


  


$


206


  


$


—  


  


 


$


206


  


$


207


  


$


—  


  


 


$


207






  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
In 2008, the Company completed an acquisition of a business for total cash
consideration, net of cash acquired, of $220 million, of which $169 million has been allocated to goodwill, $51 million to deferred tax assets and $7 million to acquired intangible assets. 
 
 


74 






Table of Contents


The Company’s goodwill is allocated primarily to the America’s reportable
operating segment. Amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets was $53 million, $46 million and $35 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, the remaining
weighted-average amortization period for acquired technology was 7.2 years and 7.0 years, respectively. 
 
Expected annual
amortization expense related to acquired technology as of September 26, 2009, is as follows (in millions): 
 
 
















 
Years


  


 




 
2010


  


$


40




 
2011


  


 


37




 
2012


  


 


28




 
2013


  


 


13




 
2014


  


 


10




 
Thereafter


  


 


19






  


 


 




 
Total


  


$


147






  


 


 


 
Note 6 – Income Taxes 
 
The provision for income taxes for the three years ended September 26, 2009, consisted of the following (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Federal:


  








 








 










 
Current


  


$


2,162


  


 


$


1,942


  


 


$


1,219


  




 
Deferred


  


 


(207


) 


 


 


(155


) 


 


 


85


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






  


 


1,955


  


 


 


1,787


  


 


 


1,304


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
State:


  








 








 










 
Current


  


 


279


  


 


 


210


  


 


 


112


  




 
Deferred


  


 


(113


) 


 


 


(82


) 


 


 


9


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






  


 


166


  


 


 


128


  


 


 


121


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Foreign:


  








 








 










 
Current


  


 


358


  


 


 


277


  


 


 


103


  




 
Deferred


  


 


(199


) 


 


 


(131


) 


 


 


(16


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






  


 


159


  


 


 


146


  


 


 


87


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Provision for income taxes


  


$


2,280


  


 


$


2,061


  


 


$


1,512


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
The foreign provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of $4.4
billion, $3.5 billion and $2.2 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, $17.4 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to the U.S. The Company’s consolidated
financial statements provide for any related tax liability on amounts that may be repatriated, aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in operations
outside the U.S. U.S. income taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total of $5.1 billion of such earnings. It is not practicable to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these earnings were to be distributed.

 
 


75 






Table of Contents


Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the effects of tax losses, credits, and the
future income tax effects of temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are measured using enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 
As of September 26, 2009 and
September 27, 2008, the significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in millions): 
 
 






















 


  


2009


  


2008




 
Deferred tax assets:


  






  








 
Accrued liabilities and other reserves


  


$


2,133


  


$


1,295




 
Basis of capital assets and investments


  


 


180


  


 


173




 
Accounts receivable and inventory reserves


  


 


172


  


 


126




 
Other


  


 


683


  


 


550






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total deferred tax assets


  


 


3,168


  


 


2,144




 
Less valuation allowance


  


 


—  


  


 


—  






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance


  


 


3,168


  


 


2,144






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Deferred tax liabilities - Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries


  


 


1,778


  


 


1,234






  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Net deferred tax assets


  


$


1,390


  


$


910






  


 


 


  


 


 


 
A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by
applying the statutory federal income tax rate (35% in 2009, 2008 and 2007) to income before provision for income taxes for the three years ended September 26, 2009, is as follows (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Computed expected tax


  


$


2,795


  


 


$


2,414


  


 


$


1,753


  




 
State taxes, net of federal effect


  


 


228


  


 


 


159


  


 


 


140


  




 
Indefinitely invested earnings of foreign subsidiaries


  


 


(658


) 


 


 


(492


) 


 


 


(297


) 




 
Nondeductible executive compensation


  


 


13


  


 


 


6


  


 


 


6


  




 
Research and development credit, net


  


 


(84


) 


 


 


(21


) 


 


 


(54


) 




 
Other


  


 


(14


) 


 


 


(5


) 


 


 


(36


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Provision for income taxes


  


$


2,280


  


 


$


2,061


  


 


$


1,512


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Effective tax rate


  


 


29%


  


 


 


30%


  


 


 


30%


  


 
The Company’s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax benefits from
employee stock plan awards. For stock options, the Company receives an income tax benefit calculated as the difference between the fair market value of the stock issued at the time of the exercise and the option price, tax effected. The Company
had net tax benefits from employee stock plan awards of $246 million, $770 million and $398 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, which were reflected as increases to common stock. 
 
On October 3, 2008, the Tax Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008 was signed into law. This bill, among other things, retroactively extended the expired
research and development tax credit. As a result, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $42 million in the first quarter of 2009 to account for the retroactive effects of the research credit extension. 
 
Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
As discussed in Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” the Company adopted new accounting principles on accounting for uncertain tax positions in 2008. Under these new principles, tax positions are evaluated in a
two-step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax

 
 


76 






Table of Contents



position will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold it is then measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the
financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Upon adoption of these new principles, the Company’s cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle resulted in an increase to retained earnings of $11 million. The Company had historically classified interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits as current liabilities. Beginning with the adoption of these new
principles, the Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total
amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of the date of adoption was $475 million, of which $209 million, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. 
 
The Company’s total gross unrecognized tax benefits are classified as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 26, 2009, the total amount
of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $971 million, of which $307 million, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. As of September 27, 2008, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $506 million, of
which $253 million, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. 
 
On May 27, 2009, the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its ruling in the case of 
Xilinx, Inc. v. Commissioner
, holding that stock-based compensation is required to be included in certain transfer pricing arrangements between a U.S. company
and its offshore subsidiary. As a result of the ruling in this case, the Company increased its liability for unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $86 million and decreased shareholders’ equity by approximately $78 million in the year
ended September 26, 2009. 
 
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes
interest and penalties, for the two years ended September 26, 2009, is as follows (in millions): 
 
 


















 
Balance as of September 30, 2007


  


$


475


  




 
Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period


  


 


27


  




 
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior period


  


 


(70


) 




 
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period


  


 


85


  




 
Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities


  


 


—  


  




 
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations


  


 


(11


) 






  


 


 


 




 
Balance as of September 27, 2008


  


 


506


  




 
Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period


  


 


341


  




 
Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior period


  


 


(24


) 




 
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period


  


 


151


  




 
Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities


  


 


—  


  




 
Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations


  


 


(3


) 






  


 


 


 




 
Balance as of September 26, 2009


  


$


971


  






  


 


 


 


 
The Company’s policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits within the provision for income taxes did not change as a result of adopting the new accounting principles on accounting for uncertain tax positions in 2008. As of the date of adoption, the Company had accrued $203 million for the gross
interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $291 million and $219 million, respectively, which is classified as
non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2009 and 2008, the Company recognized interest expense in connection with tax matters of $64 million and $16 million, respectively. 
 
The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign
jurisdictions. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior to 2002 are closed. The years 2002-2003 have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) and disputed issues have been taken

 
 


77 






Table of Contents



to administrative appeals. The IRS is currently examining the 2004-2006 years. In addition, the Company is also subject to audits by state, local and foreign tax authorities. In major states
and major foreign jurisdictions, the years subsequent to 1988 and 2000, respectively, generally remain open and could be subject to examination by the taxing authorities. 
 
Management believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues
addressed in the Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in the period such resolution occurs. Although timing of the
resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that tax audit resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by between $105 million and $145 million in the next 12 months.

 
Note 7 – Shareholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation 
 
Preferred Stock 
 
The Company has five million shares of authorized
preferred stock, none of which is issued or outstanding. Under the terms of the Company’s Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
Company’s authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 
 
Comprehensive Income 
 
Comprehensive income consists of two components, net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an element of shareholders’ equity but are excluded from net income. The Company’s other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments from those
subsidiaries not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain derivative instruments accounted for as cash
flow hedges. 
 
The following table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes, as of the
three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


 2009 


 


 


 2008 


 


 


 2007 


 




 
Net unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale securities


  


$


  48


  


 


$


(70


) 


 


$


(7


) 




 
Net unrecognized gains on derivative instruments


  


 


31


  


 


 


19


  


 


 


—  


  




 
Cumulative foreign currency translation


  


 


5


  


 


 


59


  


 


 


70


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Accumulated other comprehensive income


  


$


84


  


 


$


8


  


 


$


63


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
The change in fair value of available-for-sale securities included in other
comprehensive income was $118 million, $(63) million and $(7) million, net of taxes in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The tax effect related to the change in unrealized gain/loss on available-for-sale securities was $(78) million, $42 million
and $4 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
The following table summarizes activity in other comprehensive income
related to derivatives, net of taxes, held by the Company during the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 
































 


  


 2009 


 


 


 2008 


 


 


 2007 




 
Changes in fair value of derivatives


  


$


90


  


 


$


7


  


 


$


(1)




 
Adjustment for net gains/losses realized and included in net income


  


 


(78


) 


 


 


12


  


 


 


(2)






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Change in unrecognized gains/losses on derivative instruments


  


$


12


  


 


$


  19


  


 


$


  (3)






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 


78 






Table of Contents


The tax effect related to the changes in fair value of derivatives was $(60) million, $(5)
million and $1 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income was $54 million, $(9) million and $2 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 
 
Employee Benefit Plans 
 
2003 Employee Stock Plan 
 
The 2003 Employee Stock Plan (the “2003 Plan”) is a shareholder
approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, stock purchase rights
and performance-based awards. Based on the terms of individual option grants, options granted under the 2003 Plan generally expire seven to ten years after the grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on
continued employment, with either annual, semi-annual or quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs granted under the 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, are subject to the employees’ continued employment and do not have an expiration date. As of
September 26, 2009, approximately 37 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the 2003 Plan. 
 
1997 Employee
Stock Option Plan 
 
In August 1997, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the 1997 Employee Stock Option
Plan (the “1997 Plan”), a non-shareholder approved plan for grants of stock options to employees who are not officers of the Company. Based on the terms of individual option grants, options granted under the 1997 Plan generally expire
seven to ten years after the grant date. All stock options granted under the 1997 Plan are fully vested. In October 2003, the Company terminated the 1997 Plan, and no new options can be granted from this plan. 
 
1997 Director Stock Option Plan 
 
In August 1997, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a Director Stock Option Plan (the “Director Plan”) for non-employee directors of the Company, which was approved by
shareholders in 1998. Pursuant to the Director Plan, the Company’s non-employee directors are granted an option to acquire 30,000 shares of common stock upon their initial election to the Board (“Initial Options”). The Initial Options
vest and become exercisable in three equal annual installments on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. On the fourth anniversary of a non-employee director’s initial election to the Board and on each subsequent
anniversary thereafter, the director will be entitled to receive an option to acquire 10,000 shares of common stock (“Annual Options”). Annual Options are fully vested and immediately exercisable on their date of grant. Options granted
under the Director Plan expire ten years after the grant date. As of September 26, 2009, approximately 240,000 shares were reserved for future issuance under the Director Plan. 
 
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
As of October 16, 2009, executive
officers Timothy D. Cook, Ronald B. Johnson, Peter Oppenheimer, Philip W. Schiller and Bertrand Serlet have entered into trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). A
trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formula for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of the Company’s stock including the exercise and sale of employee
stock options and shares acquired pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plan and upon vesting of RSUs. 
 
Employee Stock
Purchase Plan 
 
The Company has a shareholder approved employee stock purchase plan (the “Purchase Plan”),
under which substantially all employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market values as of the beginning and end of six-month offering periods. Stock purchases

 
 


79 






Table of Contents



under the Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of an employee’s compensation, up to a maximum of $25,000 in any calendar year. The number of shares authorized to be purchased in any calendar
year is limited to a total of 3 million shares. As of September 26, 2009, approximately 4.7 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan. 
 
Employee Savings Plan 
 
The Company has an employee savings plan (the
“Savings Plan”) qualifying as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Savings Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of their pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual
contribution limit ($16,500 for calendar year 2009). The Company matches 50% to 100% of each employee’s contributions, depending on length of service, up to a maximum 6% of the employee’s eligible earnings. The Company’s matching
contributions to the Savings Plan were $59 million, $50 million and $39 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
Restricted Stock
Units 
 
Historically, the Company used equity awards in the form of stock options as one of the means for recruiting and
retaining highly skilled talent. In conjunction with the Company’s 2009 equity compensation program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs rather than stock options for eligible employees as the primary type of long-term equity-based award. A
summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related information for the three years ended September 26, 2009, is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 




























 


  


Number of
Shares


 


 


Weighted-
Average
Grant Date
Fair Value


  


Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value




 
Balance at September 30, 2006


  


3,410


  


 


$


39.62


  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


1,320


  


 


$


88.51


  








 
Restricted stock units vested


  


(45


) 


 


$


46.57


  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


(10


) 


 


$


86.14


  










  


 


 


 






  








 
Balance at September 29, 2007


  


4,675


  


 


$


52.98


  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


4,917


  


 


$


162.61


  








 
Restricted stock units vested


  


(2,195


) 


 


$


25.63


  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


(357


) 


 


$


119.12


  










  


 


 


 






  








 
Balance at September 27, 2008


  


7,040


  


 


$


134.91


  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


7,786


  


 


$


111.80


  








 
Restricted stock units vested


  


(1,935


) 


 


$


124.87


  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


(628


) 


 


$


121.28


  










  


 


 


 






  








 
Balance at September 26, 2009


  


12,263


  


 


$


   122.52


  


$


2,236,305






  


 


 


 






  






 
The fair value as of the vesting date of RSUs that vested was $221 million, $320
million and $6 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Upon vesting, the RSUs are generally net share-settled to cover the required withholding tax and the remaining amount is converted into an equivalent number of shares of common stock. The
majority of RSUs vested in 2009, 2008 and 2007, were net-share settled such that the Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the employees’ minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted
the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were approximately 707,000, 857,000 and 20,000 for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their vesting date as determined by the
Company’s closing stock price. Total payments for the employees’ tax obligations to the taxing authorities were $82 million, $124 million and $3 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and are reflected as a financing activity within
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. These net-share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the vesting and did
not represent an expense to the Company. 
 
 


80 






Table of Contents


Stock Option Activity 
 
 
A summary of the Company’s stock option and RSU activity and related information for the three years ended September 26, 2009, is as follows (in thousands, except per share
amounts and contractual term in years): 
 
 






































 


  


 


 


 


Outstanding Options




 


  


Shares
Available
for Grant


 


 


Number
of Shares


 


 


 Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price


  


Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Term


  


Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value




 
Balance at September 30, 2006


  


54,994


  


 


52,982


  


 


$


23.23


  




  








 
Additional shares authorized


  


28,000


  


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


(2,640


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options granted


  


   (14,010)


  


 


14,010


  


 


$


94.52


  




  








 
Options cancelled


  


1,471


  


 


(1,471


) 


 


$


55.38


  




  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


20


  


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options exercised


  


—  


  


 


(15,770


) 


 


$


18.32


  




  








 
Plan shares expired


  


(8


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  










  


 


 


 


 


 


 






  




  








 
Balance at September 29, 2007


  


67,827


  


 


49,751


  


 


$


43.91


  




  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


(9,834


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options granted


  


(9,359


) 


 


9,359


  


 


$


171.36


  




  








 
Options cancelled


  


1,236


  


 


(1,236


) 


 


$


98.40


  




  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


714


  


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options exercised


  


—  


  


 


(13,728


) 


 


$


27.88


  




  








 
Plan shares expired


  


(12


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  










  


 


 


 


 


 


 






  




  








 
Balance at September 27, 2008


  


50,572


  


 


44,146


  


 


$


74.39


  




  








 
Restricted stock units granted


  


(15,572


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options granted


  


(234


) 


 


234


  


 


$


106.84


  




  








 
Options cancelled


  


1,241


  


 


(1,241


) 


 


$


122.98


  




  








 
Restricted stock units cancelled


  


1,256


  


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  








 
Options exercised


  


—  


  


 


(8,764


) 


 


$


41.78


  




  








 
Plan shares expired


  


(2


) 


 


—  


  


 


$


—  


  




  










  


 


 


 


 


 


 






  




  








 
Balance at September 26, 2009


  


37,261


  


 


34,375


  


 


$


81.17


  


         3.52


  


$


3,482,530






  


 


 


 


 


 


 






  




  








 
Exercisable at September 26, 2009


  






 


     24,685


  


 


$


60.62


  


3.01


  


$


3,006,829




 
Expected to Vest after September 26, 2009


  






 


9,479


  


 


$


     133.28


  


4.82


  


$


465,321


 
Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of the Company’s closing stock
price on the last trading day of the fiscal period in excess of the weighted-average exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value excludes the effect of stock options that have a zero
or negative intrinsic value. Total intrinsic value of options at time of exercise was $827 million, $2.0 billion and $1.3 billion for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
RSUs granted are deducted from the shares available for grant under the Company’s stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times the number of RSUs granted. Similarly, RSUs cancelled are added
back to the shares available for grant under the Company’s stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times the number of RSUs cancelled. Outstanding RSU balances are not included in the outstanding options balances in the stock option
activity table. 
 
Stock-Based Compensation 
 
Stock-based compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is
estimated at the grant

 
 


81 






Table of Contents



date based on each option’s fair-value as calculated by the BSM option-pricing model. The BSM option-pricing model incorporates various assumptions including expected volatility, expected
life and interest rates. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected life of the Company’s stock options and other
relevant factors including implied volatility in market traded options on the Company’s common stock. The Company bases its expected life assumption on its historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock awards it grants to
employees. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 
The weighted-average assumptions used for the three years ended September 26, 2009, and the resulting estimates of weighted-average fair value per share of options granted and of employee stock
purchase plan rights (“stock purchase rights”) during those periods are as follows: 
 
 
























 


  


2009


 


 


2008


  


2007




 
Expected life of stock options


  


4.54 years


 (a) 


 


3.41 years


  


3.46 years




 
Expected life of stock purchase rights


  


6 months


 


 


6 months


  


6 months




 
Interest rate - stock options


  


2.04%


 (a) 


 


3.40%


  


4.61%




 
Interest rate - stock purchase rights


  


  0.58%


  


 


3.48%


  


5.13%




 
Volatility - stock options


  


50.98%


 (a) 


 


45.64%


  


38.13%




 
Volatility - stock purchase rights


  


52.16%


  


 


38.51%


  


39.22%




 
Dividend yields


  


—  


  


 


—  


  


—  














 
Weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during the year


  


$46.71


  


 


$62.73


  


$31.86




 
Weighted-average fair value of employee stock purchase plan rights during the year


  


$30.62


  


 


$42.27


  


$20.90


 
 






(a)


 
In conjunction with the Company’s 2009 equity compensation program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs rather than stock options to
employees, although the Company continues to grant stock options to non-employee directors. Accordingly the weighted average expected life of stock options was influenced by non-employee director stock option grants, which had a ten-year expected
life. The weighted average expected life of stock options also affects the resulting interest rate and expected volatility assumptions. 
 
The following table provides a summary of the stock-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions):

 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Cost of sales


  


$


114


  


$


80


  


$


35




 
Research and development


  


 


258


  


 


185


  


 


77




 
Selling, general and administrative


  


 


338


  


 


251


  


 


130






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total stock-based compensation expense


  


$


710


  


$


516


  


$


242






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
Stock-based compensation expense capitalized as software development costs was not
significant as of September 26, 2009 or September 27, 2008. The income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation expense was $266 million, $169 million and $81 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The total unrecognized
compensation cost related to stock options and RSUs expected to vest was $1.4 billion as of September 26, 2009, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.53 years. 
 
Note 8 – Commitments and Contingencies 
 
Lease Commitments 
 
The Company leases various equipment and facilities, including retail space, under
noncancelable operating lease arrangements. The Company does not currently utilize any other off-balance sheet financing arrangements. The

 
 


82 






Table of Contents



major facility leases are generally for terms of one to 20 years and generally provide renewal options for terms of one to five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms of five to
20 years, the majority of which are for ten years, and often contain multi-year renewal options. As of September 26, 2009, the Company’s total future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases were $1.9 billion, of which
$1.5 billion related to leases for retail space. 
 
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and
noncancelable leases, was $231 million, $207 million and $151 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of one year as of September 26,
2009, are as follows (in millions): 
 
 
















 
Years


  


 




 
2010


  


$


222




 
2011


  


 


234




 
2012


  


 


228




 
2013


  


 


214




 
2014


  


 


199




 
Thereafter


  


 


825






  


 


 




 
Total minimum lease payments


  


$


1,922






  


 


 


 
Accrued Warranty and Indemnifications 
 
The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware products. The basic warranty period for hardware products is typically one year from the date of purchase
by the end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts used to repair the Company’s hardware products. The Company provides currently for the estimated cost that may be incurred under its basic limited product
warranties at the time related revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determining appropriate accruals for product warranty obligations include the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection, historical and projected
warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of the Company’s typical experience. The Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting warranty liabilities and
adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty expense as incurred. 
 
The Company periodically provides updates to its applications and system software to maintain the software’s compliance with published
specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is accounted for as warranty costs that are recognized at the time related software revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determining appropriate accruals related to such updates
include the number of units delivered, the number of updates expected to occur, and the historical cost and estimated future cost of the resources necessary to develop these updates. 
 
The following table reconciles changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs for the three years ended September 26, 2009 (in millions): 
 
 


































 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs


  


$


267


  


 


$


230


  


 


$


284


  




 
Cost of warranty claims


  


 


(294


) 


 


 


(319


) 


 


 


(281


) 




 
Accruals for product warranties


  


 


237


  


 


 


356


  


 


 


227


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Ending accrued warranty and related costs


  


$


210


  


 


$


267


  


 


$


230


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
The Company generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and
application software against legal claims that the software infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject to
costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement claim against the Company or an indemnified third-party.

 
 


83 






Table of Contents



However, the Company has not been required to make any significant payments resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an indemnified third-party and, in the opinion of
management, does not have a potential liability related to unresolved infringement claims subject to indemnification that would materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results. Therefore, the Company did not record a
liability for infringement costs as of either September 26, 2009 or September 27, 2008. 
 
The Company has entered
into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. Under these agreements, the Company has agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status
as directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such individuals in connection with related legal proceedings. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the Company could be required to make under these
agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each claim. However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such
obligations, and payments made under these agreements historically have not materially adversely affected the Company’s financial condition or operating results. 
 
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product 
 
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain key components including but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain liquid crystal displays
(“LCDs”), certain optical drives and application-specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”) are currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects the Company to significant supply and pricing risks.
Many of these and other key components that are available from multiple sources including but not limited to NAND flash memory, dynamic random access memory (“DRAM”) and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and
significant commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Company has entered into certain agreements for the supply of key components including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there
is no guarantee that the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwise obtain favorable pricing in the future. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks
of supply shortages and/or price increases that can materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results. 
 
The Company and other participants in the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries also compete for various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. In
addition, the Company uses some custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components
available from only one source until the Company has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the
suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If the Company’s supply of a key single-sourced component for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, if such components were available only at
significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. The Company’s business
and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. Continued availability of
these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. 
 
Significant portions of the Company’s Mac computers, iPhones, iPods, logic boards and other assembled products are now manufactured by
outsourcing partners, primarily in various parts of Asia. A significant concentration of this outsourced manufacturing is currently performed by only a few of the Company’s outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced supplier of components and manufacturing outsourcing for many of the Company’s key products including but not limited to final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s portable Mac computers,
iPhones, iPods and most of the Company’s desktop products. Although

 
 


84 






Table of Contents



the Company works closely with its outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules, the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to
meet their production commitments. The Company’s purchase commitments typically cover its requirements for periods ranging from 30 to 150 days. 
 
Long-Term Supply Agreements 
 
The Company has entered into prepaid long-term supply agreements to secure the
supply of certain inventory components. During the first quarter of 2009, a long-term supply agreement with Intel Corporation was terminated and the remaining prepaid balance of $167 million was repaid to the Company. During the second and fourth
quarters of 2009, the Company made a prepayment of $500 million to LG Display for the purchase of LCD panels and a prepayment of $500 million to Toshiba to purchase NAND flash memory, respectively. As of September 26, 2009, the Company had
a total of $1.2 billion of inventory component prepayments outstanding. 
 
Contingencies 
 
The Company is subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not been
fully adjudicated, which are discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings.” In the opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings
and claims that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. If the Company failed to prevail in any of
these legal matters or if several of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 
 
Production and marketing of products in certain states and countries may subject the Company to environmental, product safety and other
regulations including, in some instances, the requirement to provide customers the ability to return product at the end of its useful life, and place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling with the Company. Such laws and
regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including various countries within Europe and Asia and certain states and provinces within North America. Although the Company does not anticipate any material
adverse effects in the future based on the nature of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there is no assurance that such existing laws or future laws will not materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or operating
results. 
 
Note 9
 – 
Segment Information and Geographic Data 
 
The Company reports segment information based on the “management” approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making
decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company’s reportable segments. 
 
The Company manages its business
primarily on a geographic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its operating segments, which are generally based on the nature and location of its customers, to be the Americas, Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific, Retail and FileMaker operations. The
Company’s reportable operating segments consist of Americas, Europe, Japan and Retail operations. Other operating segments include Asia Pacific, which encompasses Australia and Asia except for Japan and the Company’s FileMaker, Inc.
subsidiary. The Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific segments exclude activities related to the Retail segment. The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, as well as the Middle
East and Africa. The Retail segment operates Apple-owned retail stores in the U.S. and in international markets. Each reportable operating segment provides similar hardware and software products and similar services to the same types of customers.
The accounting policies of the various segments are the same as those described in Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” 
 
The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers, while Retail
segment net sales are based on sales from the Company’s retail stores. Operating income for each segment includes net sales to

 
 


85 






Table of Contents



third parties, related cost of sales and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. Advertising expenses are generally included in the geographic segment in which the expenditures
are incurred. Operating income for each segment excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed outside the operating segments. Costs excluded from segment operating income include various corporate expenses, such as manufacturing
costs and variances not included in standard costs, research and development, corporate marketing expenses, stock-based compensation expense, income taxes, various nonrecurring charges, and other separately managed general and administrative costs.
The Company does not include intercompany transfers between segments for management reporting purposes. Segment assets exclude corporate assets, such as cash, short-term and long-term investments, manufacturing and corporate facilities,
miscellaneous corporate infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangible assets. Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for long-lived assets are not reported to management by segment. Cash payments for capital asset purchases
by the Retail segment were $369 million, $389 million and $294 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
The Company has
certain retail stores that have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activities. Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these
stores require substantially more investment than the Company’s more typical retail stores. The Company allocates certain operating expenses associated with its high-profile stores to corporate marketing expense to reflect the estimated
Company-wide benefit. The allocation of these operating costs to corporate expense is based on the amount incurred for a high-profile store in excess of that incurred by a more typical Company retail location. The Company had opened a total of 11
high-profile stores as of September 26, 2009. Expenses allocated to corporate marketing resulting from the operations of high-profile stores were $65 million, $53 million and $39 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
Summary information by operating segment for the three years ended September 26, 2009 is as follows (in millions): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Americas:


  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


16,142


  


$


14,573


  


$


11,596




 
Operating income


  


$


4,772


  


$


4,051


  


$


2,949




 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


11


  


$


9


  


$


9




 
Segment assets (a)


  


$


4,290


  


$


3,039


  


$


1,497














 
Europe:


  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


9,365


  


$


7,622


  


$


5,460




 
Operating income


  


$


2,913


  


$


2,313


  


$


1,348




 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


7


  


$


6


  


$


6




 
Segment assets


  


$


2,994


  


$


1,775


  


$


595














 
Japan:


  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


1,831


  


$


1,509


  


$


1,082




 
Operating income


  


$


657


  


$


440


  


$


232




 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


2


  


$


2


  


$


3




 
Segment assets


  


$


638


  


$


302


  


$


159














 
Retail:


  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


6,574


  


$


6,315


  


$


4,115




 
Operating income


  


$


1,392


  


$


1,337


  


$


875




 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion (b)


  


$


146


  


$


108


  


$


88




 
Segment assets (b)


  


$


1,929


  


$


1,869


  


$


1,085














 
Other Segments (c):


  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


2,625


  


$


2,460


  


$


1,753




 
Operating income


  


$


748


  


$


615


  


$


388




 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


4


  


$


4


  


$


3




 
Segment assets


  


$


953


  


$


534


  


$


252


 
 


86 






Table of Contents


 






(a)


 
The Americas asset figures do not include fixed assets held in the U.S. Such fixed assets are not allocated specifically to the Americas segment and
are included in the corporate assets figures below. 






(b)


 
Retail segment depreciation and asset figures reflect the cost and related depreciation of its retail stores and related infrastructure.







(c)


 
Other Segments include Asia-Pacific and FileMaker. 
 
A reconciliation of the Company’s segment operating income and assets to the consolidated financial statements for the three years ended September 26, 2009 is as follows (in millions):

 
 


































 


  


2009


 


 


2008


 


 


2007


 




 
Segment operating income


  


$


10,482


  


 


$


8,756


  


 


$


5,792


  




 
Other corporate expenses, net (a)


  


 


(2,114


) 


 


 


(1,965


) 


 


 


(1,141


) 




 
Stock-based compensation expense


  


 


(710


) 


 


 


(516


) 


 


 


(242


) 






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Total operating income


  


$


7,658


  


 


$


6,275


  


 


$


4,409


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 














 
Segment assets


  


$


10,804


  


 


$


7,519


  


 


$


3,588


  




 
Corporate assets


  


 


43,047


  


 


 


32,053


  


 


 


21,759


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Consolidated assets


  


$


53,851


  


 


$


39,572


  


 


$


25,347


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 














 
Segment depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


170


  


 


$


129


  


 


$


109


  




 
Corporate depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


 


533


  


 


 


344


  


 


 


208


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
Consolidated depreciation, amortization and accretion


  


$


703


  


 


$


473


  


 


$


317


  






  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
Other corporate expenses include research and development, corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing costs and variances not included in standard
costs, and other separately managed general and administrative expenses, including certain corporate expenses associated with support of the Retail segment. 
 
No single customer or single country outside of the U.S. accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Net sales and long-lived assets related to the U.S. and
international operations for the three years ended September 26, 2009, are as follows (in millions): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Net sales:


  






  






  








 
U.S.


  


$


19,870


  


$


18,469


  


$


14,128




 
International


  


 


16,667


  


 


14,010


  


 


9,878






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total net sales


  


$


36,537


  


$


32,479


  


$


24,006






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Long-lived assets:


  






  






  








 
U.S.


  


$


2,698


  


$


2,269


  


$


1,752




 
International


  


 


495


  


 


410


  


 


260






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total long-lived assets


  


$


3,193


  


$


2,679


  


$


2,012






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
 


87 






Table of Contents


Information regarding net sales by product for the three years ended September 26,
2009, is as follows (in millions): 
 
 




























 


  


2009


  


2008


  


2007




 
Net sales:


  






  






  








 
Desktops (a)


  


$


4,308


  


$


5,603


  


$


4,020




 
Portables (b)


  


 


9,472


  


 


8,673


  


 


6,294






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total Mac net sales


  


 


13,780


  


 


14,276


  


 


10,314














 
iPod


  


 


8,091


  


 


9,153


  


 


8,305




 
Other music related products and services (c)


  


 


4,036


  


 


3,340


  


 


2,496




 
iPhone and related products and services (d)


  


 


6,754


  


 


1,844


  


 


123




 
Peripherals and other hardware (e)


  


 


1,470


  


 


1,659


  


 


1,260




 
Software, service and other net sales (f)


  


 


2,406


  


 


2,207


  


 


1,508






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 




 
Total net sales


  


$


36,537


  


$


32,479


  


$


24,006






  


 


 


  


 


 


  


 


 


 
 






(a)


 
Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product lines. 






(b)


 
Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro product lines. 






(c)


 
Consists of iTunes Store sales and iPod services, and Apple-branded and third-party iPod accessories. 






(d)


 
Derived from handset sales, carrier agreements, and Apple-branded and third-party iPhone accessories. 






(e)


 
Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity and networking solutions, and other hardware accessories. 






(f)


 
Includes sales of Apple-branded operating system and application software, third-party software, AppleCare and Internet services.

 
Note 10 – Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions 
 
The Company entered into a Reimbursement Agreement with its CEO, Steve Jobs, for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by Mr. Jobs in
the operation of his private plane when used for Apple business. The Company recognized a total of approximately $4,000, $871,000 and $776,000 in expenses pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. All expenses
recognized pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement have been included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
Note 11 – Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 
The following tables set forth a summary of the Company’s quarterly financial information for each of the four quarters ended September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008 (in millions, except
per share amounts): 
 
 


































 


  


Fourth Quarter


  


Third Quarter


  


Second Quarter


  


First Quarter




 
2009


  






  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


  9,870


  


$


  8,337


  


$


  8,163


  


$


10,167




 
Gross margin


  


$


3,614


  


$


3,023


  


$


2,971


  


$


3,532




 
Net income


  


$


1,665


  


$


1,229


  


$


1,205


  


$


1,605




 
Earnings per common share:


  






  






  






  








 
Basic


  


$


1.85


  


$


1.38


  


$


1.35


  


$


1.81




 
Diluted


  


$


1.82


  


$


1.35


  


$


1.33


  


$


1.78
















 
2008


  






  






  






  








 
Net sales


  


$


7,895


  


$


7,464


  


$


7,512


  


$


9,608




 
Gross margin


  


$


2,739


  


$


2,600


  


$


2,474


  


$


3,332




 
Net income


  


$


1,136


  


$


1,072


  


$


1,045


  


$


1,581




 
Earnings per common share:


  






  






  






  








 
Basic


  


$


1.28


  


$


1.21


  


$


1.19


  


$


1.81




 
Diluted


  


$


1.26


  


$


1.19


  


$


1.16


  


$


1.76


 
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each of the
quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of quarterly basic and diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 
 


88 






Table of Contents


Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 
 
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple Inc. 
 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Apple Inc. as of September 26, 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of Apple Inc. at September 26, 2009, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 26, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and our report dated October 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
/s/ Ernst &
Young LLP 
 
San Jose, California 
 
October 27, 2009 
 
 


89 






Table of Contents


Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 


 
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Apple Inc. 
 
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 26, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“the COSO criteria”). Apple Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
In our opinion, Apple Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 26, 2009, based on the COSO criteria.

 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc. as of and for the year ended September 26, 2009 and our report dated October 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
San Jose, California 
 
October 27, 2009 
 
 


90 






Table of Contents


Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 
The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 
Apple Inc.: 
 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Apple Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company)
as of September 27, 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years ended September 27, 2008 and September 29, 2007. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Apple Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 27, 2008 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years ended September 27, 2008 and September 29, 2007 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 
 
As discussed in note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective September 30, 2007, the
Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, 
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109. 
 
/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
Mountain View, California 
 
November 4, 2008 
 
 


91 






Table of Contents






Item 9.


Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
None. 
 
 






Item 9A.


Controls and Procedures 
 
Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
were effective as of September 26, 2009 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 
 
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 






 


(i)


 
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
Company’s assets; 
 
 






 


(ii)


 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and
that the Company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company’s management and directors; and 
 
 






 


(iii)


 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
Management, including the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company’s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of
controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on the Company’s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 26, 2009 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm,
Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The report on the audit of internal control over financial reporting appears on page 90 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 


92 






Table of Contents


Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, which were
identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. 
 
 






Item 9B.


Other Information 
 
None. 
 
 


93 






Table of Contents


PART III 
 
 






Item 10.


Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
The information required by this Item under the heading “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in the
Company’s 2010 Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“2010 Proxy
Statement”). Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 
 
 






Item 11.


Executive Compensation 
 
The information required by this Item under the headings “Executive Compensation” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in the Company’s
2010 Proxy Statement. 
 
 






Item 12.


Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
The information required by this Item under the headings “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and
“Equity Compensation Plan Information” is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in the Company’s 2010 Proxy Statement. 
 
 






Item 13.


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
The information required by this Item under the heading “Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons” is incorporated herein by reference from the
information to be contained in the Company’s 2010 Proxy Statement. 
 
 






Item 14.


Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
The information required by this Item under the heading “Fees Paid to Auditors” is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be contained in the Company’s 2010 Proxy
Statement. 
 
 


94 






Table of Contents


PART IV 
 
 






Item 15.


Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 






(a)


 
Documents filed as part of this report 
 
 






(1)


 
All financial statements 
 
 














 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements


  


Page




 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 26, 2009 and September 27, 2008


  


55




 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended September 26, 2009


  


56




 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the three years ended September 26, 2009




  


57




 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended September 26, 2009


  


58




 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


  


59




 
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


  


88




 
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


  


89




 
Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


  


91


 
 






(2)


 
Financial Statement Schedules 
 
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the
information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 






(b)


 
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 
The information required by this Item is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the signature page of this report. 
 
 


95 






Table of Contents


SIGNATURES 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 27th day of October 2009. 
 
 














APPLE INC.










By:


 


/s/  Peter Oppenheimer        






 


Peter Oppenheimer






 


Senior Vice President and






 


Chief Financial Officer


 
Power of Attorney 
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven P. Jobs and Peter
Oppenheimer, jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 


















 
Name


  


 
Title


 


 
Date












 
/s/  Steven P. Jobs        


STEVEN P. JOBS


  


 
Chief Executive Officer and Director
 
(Principal Executive Officer)


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Peter
Oppenheimer        
 
PETER OPPENHEIMER


  


 
Senior Vice President and
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
(Principal Financial Officer)


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Betsy Rafael        
 
BETSY RAFAEL


  


 
Vice President
 
Corporate
Controller
 
(Principal Accounting Officer)


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  William V.
Campbell        
 
WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Millard S.
Drexler        
 
MILLARD S. DREXLER


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Albert Gore,
Jr.        
 
ALBERT GORE, JR.


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Andrea Jung        
 
ANDREA JUNG


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Arthur D.
Levinson        
 
ARTHUR D. LEVINSON


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009












 
/s/  Jerome B. York        


JEROME B. YORK


  


Director


 


October 27, 2009


 
 


96 






Table of Contents


EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 






















  


 




 


 
Incorporated by
Reference




 
Exhibit
 
Number


 


 
Exhibit Description


 


 
Form


 


 
Filing Date/
 
Period End Date




 
    3.1


 


Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California on July 10, 2009.


 


10-Q


 


6/27/09














 
    3.2


 


By-Laws of the Registrant, as amended through May 27, 2009.


 


8-K


 


6/2/09














 
    4.1


 


Form of Stock Certificate of the Registrant.


 


10-Q


 


12/30/06














 
  10.1*


 


Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through May 10, 2007.


 


8-K


 


5/16/07














 
  10.2*


 


Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each director and executive officer of the Registrant.


 


10-Q


 


6/27/09














 
  10.3*


 


1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended through October 19, 2001.


 


10-K


 


9/28/02














 
  10.4*


 


1997 Director Stock Option Plan, as amended through May 10, 2007.


 


8-K


 


5/16/07














 
  10.5*


 


2003 Employee Stock Plan, as amended through May 10, 2007.


 


8-K


 


5/16/07














 
  10.6*


 


Reimbursement Agreement dated as of May 25, 2001 by and between the Registrant and Steven P. Jobs.


 


10-Q


 


6/29/02














 
  10.7*


 


Form of Option Agreement.


 


10-K


 


9/24/05














 
  10.8*


 


Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effective as of August 28, 2007.


 


10-K


 


9/29/07














 
  10.9*


 


Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement effective as of November 11, 2008.


 


10-Q


 


12/27/08














 
  10.10*


 


Transition Agreement and Settlement Agreement and Release dated as of November 3, 2008 by and between the Registrant and Anthony Fadell.


 


10-Q


 


12/27/08














 
  14.1


 


Business Conduct Policy of the Registrant dated February 2009.


 


10-Q


 


3/28/09














 
  21.1**


 


Subsidiaries of the Registrant.


 




 
















 
  23.1**


 


Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


 




 
















 
  23.2**


 


Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


 




 
















 
  24.1**


 


Power of Attorney (included on the Signature Page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).


 




 
















 
  31.1**


 


Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.


 




 
















 
  31.2**


 


Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.


 




 
















 
  32.1***


 


Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.


 




 
















 
101.INS****


 


XBRL Instance Document


 




 
















 
101.SCH****


 


XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


 




 
















 
101.CAL****


 


XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


 




 
















 
101.DEF****


 


XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


 




 
















 
101.LAB****


 


XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


 




 
















 
101.PRE****


 


XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


 




 




 
 






*


 
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 






**


 
Filed herewith. 






***


 
Furnished herewith. 






****


 
Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, the Company is deemed to have complied with the reporting obligation relating to the
submission of interactive data files in such exhibits and is not subject to liability under any anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws as long as the Company has made a good faith attempt to comply with the submission
requirements and promptly amends the interactive data files after becoming aware that the interactive data files fails to comply with the submission requirements. Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T, these interactive
data files are deemed not filed and otherwise are not subject to liability. 
 
 


97 








EX-21.1

2

dex211.htm

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT



Subsidiaries of the Registrant


Exhibit 21.1 
 
SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 
APPLE INC.* 
 
 














 
Name


  


Jurisdiction
of Incorporation




 
Apple Sales International (formerly Apple Computer International)


  


Ireland




 
Braeburn Capital, Inc.


  


Nevada, U.S.


 
 






*


 
Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Apple Inc. are omitted because, considered in
the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 








EX-23.1

3

dex231.htm

CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP



Consent of Ernst & Young LLP


Exhibit 23.1 
 
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-61276, 333-75930, 333-102184, 333-125148, and 333-146026) of Apple Inc. of our reports dated
October 27, 2009, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Apple Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Apple Inc., included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
September 26, 2009. 
 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
San Jose, California 
 
October 27, 2009 








EX-23.2

4

dex232.htm

CONSENT OF KPMG LLP



Consent of KPMG LLP


Exhibit 23.2 
 
Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
The Board of Directors 
 
Apple Inc: 
 
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-61276, 333-75930, 333-102184, 333-125148, and 333-146026) of Apple Inc. of our report dated
November 4, 2008, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Apple Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 27, 2008 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years ended
September 27, 2008, and September 29, 2007, and all related financial statement schedules, which report appears in the September 26, 2009 annual report on Form 10-K of Apple Inc. 
 
As discussed in note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective September 30, 2007, the Company adopted Financial Accounting
Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, 
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
. 
 
/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
Mountain View, California 
 
October 27, 2009 








EX-31.1

5

dex311.htm

RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER



Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer


Exhibit 31.1 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 
I, Steven P. Jobs, certify that:

 
 






1.


 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apple Inc.; 
 
 






2.


 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 






3.


 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 






4.


 
The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 






 


(a)


 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 


 






 


(b)


 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

 
 






 


(c)


 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 






 


(d)


 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

 
 






5.


 
The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 






 


(a)


 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 
 






 


(b)


 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting. 
 
Date: October 27, 2009 




















By: 


 


/s/  Steven P. Jobs      






 


Steven P. Jobs






 


Chief Executive Officer










EX-31.2

6

dex312.htm

RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer


Exhibit 31.2 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify that:

 
 






1.


 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apple Inc.; 
 
 






2.


 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 






3.


 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 






4.


 
The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 






 


(a)


 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 


 






 


(b)


 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

 
 






 


(c)


 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 






 


(d)


 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

 
 






5.


 
The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 






 


(a)


 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 
 






 


(b)


 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting. 
 
Date: October 27, 2009 




















By: 


 


/s/  Peter Oppenheimer      






 


 
Peter Oppenheimer






 


 
Senior Vice President and






 


 
Chief Financial Officer










EX-32.1

7

dex321.htm

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO



Section 1350 Certifications of CEO and CFO


Exhibit 32.1 
 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
PURSUANT TO 
 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
I, Steven P. Jobs, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2009 fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Apple Inc. 
 
October 27, 2009 
 
 




















By: 


 


/s/  Steven P. Jobs      






 


Steven P. Jobs






 


Chief Executive Officer


 
I, Peter Oppenheimer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Apple Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2009 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Apple Inc. 
 
October 27, 2009 
 
 




















By: 


 


/s/  Peter Oppenheimer      






 


Peter Oppenheimer






 


Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has
been provided to Apple Inc. and will be retained by Apple Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 








EX-101.INS

8

aapl-20090926.xml

XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT



















94593000000


6392000000


9984000000


22000000


855263000


4355000000


5607000000


9352000000


14532000000


63000000


872329000


5368000000


9101000000


10236000000


11875000000


5520000000


3719000000


2422000000


8000000


2379000000


39572000000


32311000000


47000000


0


1800000000


888325973


888325973


7177000000


4853000000


3029000000


1447000000


207000000


285000000


509000000


18542000000


39572000000


14092000000


5822000000


1935000000


1421000000


13845000000


21030000000


2455000000


8000000


888326000


7177000000


13845000000


18201000000


5263000000


5601000000


3376000000


3361000000


84000000


10528000000


53851000000


36265000000


52000000


0


1800000000


899805500


899805500


8210000000


10305000000


4485000000


2101000000


206000000


247000000


455000000


26019000000


53851000000


19282000000


6884000000


3651000000


2252000000


19538000000


27832000000


2954000000


84000000


899806000


8210000000


19538000000


900678473


2960000000


251000000


398000000


3537000000


15852000000


78000000


317000000


4.04


3.93


-3000000


377000000


-12000000


8154000000


5008000000


863000000


1512000000


1494000000


385000000


1139000000


76000000


-81000000


612000000


739000000


-3249000000


5470000000


3496000000


599000000


3745000000


4409000000


-7000000


-3000000


51000000


-49000000


11719000000


0


251000000


17000000


735000000


365000000


6483000000


2941000000


782000000


24006000000


2963000000


242000000


362000000


889292000


864595000


1540000000


-7000000


-3000000


51000000


251000000


398000000


17066000


364000000


3496000000


-2000000


2523000000


513000000


770000000


-


4779000000


21334000000


56000000


-368000000


473000000


5.48


5.36


-124000000


757000000


-22000000


11145000000


6895000000


1267000000


2061000000


596000000


785000000


5642000000


163000000


492000000


1279000000


1116000000


-8189000000


9596000000


4834000000


620000000


4870000000


6275000000


-63000000


19000000


-11000000


10000000


22965000000


220000000


108000000


38000000


1091000000


483000000


11804000000


4439000000


1109000000


32479000000


3761000000


516000000


21000000


359000000


902139000


881592000


1958000000


-63000000


19000000


-11000000


513000000


770000000


45000000


109000


15888000


21000000


460000000


11000000


4834000000


-101000000


--09-26


AAPL


APPLE INC


No


Yes


2009-09-26


10-K


0000320193


Yes


Large Accelerated Filer


false


-6612000000


707000000


-78000000


-


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
</p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 8 &#x2013;
Commitments and Contingencies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Lease
Commitments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
leases various equipment and facilities, including retail space,
under noncancelable operating lease arrangements. The Company does
not currently utilize any other off-balance sheet financing
arrangements. The major facility leases are generally for terms of
one to 20 years and generally provide renewal options for terms of
one to five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms
of five to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten years, and
often contain multi-year renewal options. As of September&#xA0;26,
2009, the Company&#x2019;s total future minimum lease payments under
noncancelable operating leases were $1.9 billion, of which $1.5
billion related to leases for retail space.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Rent expense
under all operating leases, including both cancelable and
noncancelable leases, was $231 million, $207 million and $151
million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Future minimum lease
payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining
terms in excess of one year as of September&#xA0;26, 2009, are as
follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="90%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 20pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Years</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">222</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">228</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">214</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">199</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">825</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total minimum lease
payments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,922</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Accrued Warranty and
Indemnifications</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware
products. The basic warranty period for hardware products is
typically one year from the date of purchase by the end-user. The
Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts
used to repair the Company&#x2019;s hardware products. The Company
provides currently for the estimated cost that may be incurred
under its basic limited product warranties at the time related
revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determining
appropriate accruals for product warranty obligations include the
size of the installed base of products subject to warranty
protection, historical and projected warranty claim rates,
historical and projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific
product failures that are outside of the Company&#x2019;s typical
experience. The Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting
warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on
actual experience and changes in future estimates. For products
accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes
warranty expense as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
periodically provides updates to its applications and system
software to maintain the software&#x2019;s compliance with published
specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is
accounted for as warranty costs that are recognized at the time
related software revenue is recognized. Factors considered in
determining appropriate accruals related to such updates include
the number of units delivered, the number of updates expected to
occur, and the historical cost and estimated future cost of the
resources necessary to develop these updates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table reconciles changes in the Company&#x2019;s accrued warranties
and related costs for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="75%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Beginning accrued warranty
and related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">230</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">284</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost of warranty
claims</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(294</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(319</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(281</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accruals for product
warranties</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">237</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">356</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">227</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Ending accrued warranty and
related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">230</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and
application software against legal claims that the software
infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other
agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include
indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject
to costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement claim
against the Company or an indemnified third-party. However, the
Company has not been required to make any significant payments
resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an
indemnified third-party and, in the opinion of management, does not
have a potential liability related to unresolved infringement
claims subject to indemnification that would materially adversely
affect its financial condition or operating results. Therefore, the
Company did not record a liability for infringement costs as of
either September&#xA0;26, 2009 or September&#xA0;27,
2008.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and
executive officers. Under these agreements, the Company has agreed
to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by
law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as
directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such
individuals in connection with related legal proceedings. It is not
possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the
Company could be required to make under these agreements due to the
limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique
facts and circumstances involved in each claim. However, the
Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance
coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations, and payments
made under these agreements historically have not materially
adversely affected the Company&#x2019;s financial condition or
operating results.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Concentrations in the
Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Although most
components essential to the Company&#x2019;s business are generally
available from multiple sources, certain key components including
but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain liquid
crystal displays (&#x201C;LCDs&#x201D;), certain optical drives and
application-specific integrated circuits (&#x201C;ASICs&#x201D;) are
currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources,
which subjects the Company to significant supply and pricing risks.
Many of these and other key components that are available from
multiple sources including but not limited to NAND flash memory,
dynamic random access memory (&#x201C;DRAM&#x201D;) and certain LCDs,
are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and significant
commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Company has
entered into certain agreements for the supply of key components
including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory,
DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no guarantee that
the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on
similar favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwise
obtain favorable pricing in the future. Therefore, the Company
remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and/or
price increases that can materially adversely affect its financial
condition and operating results.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company and
other participants in the personal computer, mobile communication
and consumer electronics industries also compete for various
components with other industries that have experienced increased
demand for their products. In addition, the Company uses some
custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal
computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries,
and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom
components available from only one source until the Company has
evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies,
additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new
technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the
suppliers&#x2019; yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has
increased. If the Company&#x2019;s supply of a key single-sourced
component for a new or existing product were delayed or
constrained, if such components were available only at
significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor
delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the
Company&#x2019;s financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. The Company&#x2019;s business and
financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on
the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original
source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an
alternative source. Continued availability of these components at
acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers
decided to concentrate on the production of common components
instead of components customized to meet the Company&#x2019;s
requirements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Significant
portions of the Company&#x2019;s Mac computers, iPhones, iPods,
logic boards and other assembled products are now manufactured by
outsourcing partners, primarily in various parts of Asia. A
significant concentration of this outsourced manufacturing is
currently performed by only a few of the Company&#x2019;s
outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced supplier of components
and manufacturing outsourcing for many of the Company&#x2019;s key
products including but not limited to final assembly of
substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s portable Mac computers,
iPhones, iPods and most of the Company&#x2019;s desktop products.
Although the Company works closely with its outsourcing partners on
manufacturing schedules, the Company&#x2019;s operating results
could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable
to meet their production commitments. The Company&#x2019;s purchase
commitments typically cover its requirements for periods ranging
from 30 to 150 days.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Long-Term Supply
Agreements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
entered into prepaid long-term supply agreements to secure the
supply of certain inventory components. During the first quarter of
2009, a long-term supply agreement with Intel Corporation was
terminated and the remaining prepaid balance of $167 million was
repaid to the Company. During the second and fourth quarters of
2009, the Company made a prepayment of $500&#xA0;million to LG
Display for the purchase of LCD panels and a prepayment of $500
million to Toshiba to purchase NAND flash memory, respectively. As
of September&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company had a total of $1.2 billion
of inventory component prepayments outstanding.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Contingencies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims that have
arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not been fully
adjudicated, which are discussed in Part I, Item&#xA0;3 of this
Form 10-K under the heading &#x201C;Legal Proceedings.&#x201D; In the
opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential
liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that
would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect
its financial condition or operating results. However, the results
of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. If the
Company failed to prevail in any of these legal matters or if
several of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in
the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular
reporting period could be materially adversely affected.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Production and
marketing of products in certain states and countries may subject
the Company to environmental, product safety and other regulations
including, in some instances, the requirement to provide customers
the ability to return product at the end of its useful life, and
place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling
with the Company. Such laws and regulations have been passed in
several jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including
various countries within Europe and Asia and certain states and
provinces within North America. Although the Company does not
anticipate any material adverse effects in the future based on the
nature of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there is no
assurance that such existing laws or future laws will not
materially adversely affect the Company&#x2019;s financial condition
or operating results.</font></p>


</div>


5780000000


23397000000


-519000000


703000000


6.39


6.29


-82000000


270000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 3 &#x2013; Fair
Value Measurements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. When
determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities,
which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the
Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or
assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and
credit risk.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
that is available and significant to the fair value
measurement:</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 1</i>
&#x2013; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 2</i>
&#x2013; Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 3</i>
&#x2013; Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically
reflect management&#x2019;s estimates of assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value
of money market funds and certain marketable equity securities were
derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair
value of all other financial instruments, all of which have
counterparties with high credit ratings, were valued based on
quoted market prices or model driven valuations using significant
inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market
data.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Assets/Liabilities
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table presents the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis as of September&#xA0;26, 2009
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="60%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices<br />
in Active<br />
Markets for<br />
Identical<br />
Instruments<br />
(Level 1)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Other<br />
Observable<br />
Inputs<br />
(Level 2)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Unobservable<br />
Inputs</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level
3)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total
(a)</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketable equity
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets measured at
fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;1,669</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,282</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,951</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Liabilities:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total liabilities measured
at fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also
represent the related carrying amounts.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as presented in the
Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September&#xA0;26,
2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="57%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices<br />
in Active<br />
Markets for<br />
Identical<br />
Instruments<br />
(Level 1)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Other<br />
Observable<br />
Inputs<br />
(Level 2)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Unobservable<br />
Inputs</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level
3)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total
(a)</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash equivalents</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,124</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Short-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets measured at
fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;1,669</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,282</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,951</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Liabilities:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total liabilities measured
at fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also
represent the related carrying amounts.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


-26000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 5 &#x2013; Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite
lives over periods ranging from one to ten years. The following
table summarizes the components of gross and net intangible asset
balances as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="40%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="9" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="9" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Accumulated<br />
Amortization</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Net<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Accumulated<br />
Amortization</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Net<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Definite lived and
amortizable acquired technology</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;323</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;147</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;308</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(123</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;185</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Indefinite lived and
unamortizable trademarks</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total acquired intangible
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">247</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">408</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(123</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">285</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Goodwill</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">206</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">206</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">207</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In 2008, the
Company completed an acquisition of a business for total cash
consideration, net of cash acquired, of $220 million, of which $169
million has been allocated to goodwill, $51 million to deferred tax
assets and $7 million to acquired intangible assets.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s goodwill is allocated primarily to the
America&#x2019;s reportable operating segment. Amortization expense
related to acquired intangible assets was $53 million, $46 million
and $35 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the remaining
weighted-average amortization period for acquired technology was
7.2 years and 7.0 years, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected annual
amortization expense related to acquired technology as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="92%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 20pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Years</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">147</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


13140000000


7984000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 6 &#x2013; Income
Taxes</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The provision
for income taxes for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009,
consisted of the following (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="72%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,162</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,942</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,219</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(155</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,955</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,787</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,304</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">279</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">112</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(113</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">166</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">128</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">358</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">277</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">103</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(199</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(131</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">87</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income
taxes</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,280</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,061</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The foreign
provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of
$4.4 billion, $3.5 billion and $2.2 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27,
2008, $17.4 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, of the
Company&#x2019;s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in U.S.
dollar-denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries
are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to
the U.S. The Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
provide for any related tax liability on amounts that may be
repatriated, aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the
Company&#x2019;s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be
indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. U.S. income
taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total of $5.1 billion
of such earnings. It is not practicable to determine the income tax
liability that might be incurred if these earnings were to be
distributed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
assets and liabilities reflect the effects of tax losses, credits,
and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between
the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are
measured using enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the
significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
and liabilities were (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="82%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued liabilities and
other reserves</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,133</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,295</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basis of capital assets and
investments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">180</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accounts receivable and
inventory reserves</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">172</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">126</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">683</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">550</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total deferred tax
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,168</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,144</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less valuation
allowance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets, net of
valuation allowance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,168</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,144</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax liabilities -
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,778</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,234</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net deferred tax
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,390</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">910</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (35% in
2009, 2008 and 2007) to income before provision for income taxes
for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="72%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Computed expected
tax</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,795</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,414</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,753</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State taxes, net of federal
effect</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">228</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">140</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Indefinitely invested
earnings of foreign subsidiaries</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(658</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(492</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(297</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Nondeductible executive
compensation</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and development
credit, net</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(21</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(54</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income
taxes</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,280</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,061</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Effective tax
rate</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax
benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stock options, the
Company receives an income tax benefit calculated as the difference
between the fair market value of the stock issued at the time of
the exercise and the option price, tax effected.&#xA0;The Company
had net tax benefits from employee stock plan awards of $246
million, $770 million and $398 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively, which were reflected as increases to common
stock.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On
October&#xA0;3, 2008, the Tax Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax
Relief Act of 2008 was signed into law. This bill, among other
things, retroactively extended the expired research and development
tax credit. As a result, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $42
million in the first quarter of 2009 to account for the retroactive
effects of the research credit extension.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Uncertain Tax
Positions</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As discussed in
Note 1, &#x201C;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&#x201D;
the Company adopted new accounting principles on accounting for
uncertain tax positions in 2008. Under these new principles, tax
positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company first
determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold it is then measured to
determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial
statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Upon adoption of these new principles,
the Company&#x2019;s cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principle resulted in an increase to retained earnings of $11
million. The Company had historically classified interest and
penalties and unrecognized tax benefits as current liabilities.
Beginning with the adoption of these new principles, the Company
classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax
benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of
cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits
as of the date of adoption was $475&#xA0;million, of which $209
million, if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective
tax rate.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s total gross unrecognized tax benefits are
classified as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009, the total amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits was $971 million, of which $307 million,
if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate.
As of September&#xA0;27, 2008, the total amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits was $506 million, of which $253 million,
if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective tax
rate.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On May&#xA0;27,
2009, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
issued its ruling in the case of <i>Xilinx,&#xA0;Inc. v.
Commissioner</i>, holding that stock-based compensation is required
to be included in certain transfer pricing arrangements between a
U.S. company and its offshore subsidiary.&#xA0;As a result of the
ruling in this case, the Company increased its liability for
unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $86 million and
decreased shareholders&#x2019; equity by approximately $78 million
in the year ended September&#xA0;26, 2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The aggregate
changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which
excludes interest and penalties, for the two years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="92%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;30, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">475</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during the current period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
settlements with taxing authorities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
expiration of statute of limitations</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(11</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">506</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">341</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(24</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during the current period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">151</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
settlements with taxing authorities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
expiration of statute of limitations</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">971</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s policy to include interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes did
not change as a result of adopting the new accounting principles on
accounting for uncertain tax positions in 2008. As of the date of
adoption, the Company had accrued $203 million for the gross
interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the total
amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $291 million and
$219 million, respectively, which is classified as non-current
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2009 and 2008,
the Company recognized interest expense in connection with tax
matters of $64 million and $16 million, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S.
federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior to 2002 are
closed. The years 2002-2003 have been examined by the Internal
Revenue Service (the &#x201C;IRS&#x201D;) and disputed issues have
been taken to administrative appeals. The IRS is currently
examining the 2004-2006 years. In addition, the Company is also
subject to audits by state, local and foreign tax
authorities.&#xA0;In major states and major foreign jurisdictions,
the years subsequent to 1988 and 2000, respectively, generally
remain open and could be subject to examination by the taxing
authorities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Management
believes that an adequate provision has been made for any
adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any
issues addressed in the Company&#x2019;s tax audits are resolved in
a manner not consistent with management&#x2019;s expectations, the
Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in
the period such resolution occurs. Although timing of the
resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain, the
Company believes it is reasonably possible that tax audit
resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by between
$105 million and $145 million in the next
12&#xA0;months.</font></p>
</div>


2997000000


2280000000


92000000


939000000


6908000000


-54000000


1346000000


-184000000


663000000


-17434000000


10159000000


5704000000


326000000


5482000000


7658000000


118000000


12000000


-54000000


74000000


46724000000


0


69000000


101000000


1144000000


475000000


19790000000


10888000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 11 &#x2013; Selected
Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables set forth a summary of the Company&#x2019;s quarterly
financial information for each of the four quarters ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in millions,
except per share amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="52%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fourth&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Third&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Second&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>First&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><u>2009</u></b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;9,870</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;8,337</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;8,163</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,167</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross margin</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,614</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,023</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,971</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,532</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,665</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,229</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,205</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,605</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Earnings per common
share:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.38</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.35</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.81</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.35</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.33</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.78</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><u>2008</u></b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,895</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,464</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross margin</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,739</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,600</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,474</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,332</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,136</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,072</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,045</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,581</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Earnings per common
share:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.21</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.81</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.26</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.76</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic and
diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each of
the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of quarterly basic and
diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and
diluted earnings per share.</font></p>
</div>


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 10 &#x2013; Related
Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
entered into a Reimbursement Agreement with its CEO, Steve Jobs,
for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by Mr.&#xA0;Jobs in the
operation of his private plane when used for Apple business. The
Company recognized a total of approximately $4,000, $871,000 and
$776,000 in expenses pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement during
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. All expenses recognized pursuant
to the Reimbursement Agreement have been included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations.</font></p>
</div>


1333000000


36537000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
</p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 9</b> &#x2013;
<b>Segment Information and Geographic Data</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable
segments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. Accordingly,
the Company determined its operating segments, which are generally
based on the nature and location of its customers, to be the
Americas, Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific, Retail and FileMaker
operations. The Company&#x2019;s reportable operating segments
consist of Americas, Europe, Japan and Retail operations. Other
operating segments include Asia Pacific, which encompasses
Australia and Asia except for Japan and the Company&#x2019;s
FileMaker, Inc. subsidiary. The Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia
Pacific segments exclude activities related to the Retail segment.
The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The
Europe segment includes European countries, as well as the Middle
East and Africa. The Retail segment operates Apple-owned retail
stores in the U.S. and in international markets. Each reportable
operating segment provides similar hardware and software products
and similar services to the same types of customers. The accounting
policies of the various segments are the same as those described in
Note 1, &#x201C;Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies.&#x201D;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net
sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are
generally based on the location of customers, while Retail segment
net sales are based on sales from the Company&#x2019;s retail
stores. Operating income for each segment includes net sales to
third parties, related cost of sales and operating expenses
directly attributable to the segment. Advertising expenses are
generally included in the geographic segment in which the
expenditures are incurred. Operating income for each segment
excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed
outside the operating segments. Costs excluded from segment
operating income include various corporate expenses, such as
manufacturing costs and variances not included in standard costs,
research and development, corporate marketing expenses, stock-based
compensation expense, income taxes, various nonrecurring charges,
and other separately managed general and administrative costs. The
Company does not include intercompany transfers between segments
for management reporting purposes. Segment assets exclude corporate
assets, such as cash, short-term and long-term investments,
manufacturing and corporate facilities, miscellaneous corporate
infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangible assets.
Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for
long-lived assets are not reported to management by segment. Cash
payments for capital asset purchases by the Retail segment were
$369 million, $389 million and $294 million for 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
certain retail stores that have been designed and built to serve as
high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as
vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activities. Because of
their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores
require substantially more investment than the Company&#x2019;s more
typical retail stores. The Company allocates certain operating
expenses associated with its high-profile stores to corporate
marketing expense to reflect the estimated Company-wide benefit.
The allocation of these operating costs to corporate expense is
based on the amount incurred for a high-profile store in excess of
that incurred by a more typical Company retail location. The
Company had opened a total of 11 high-profile stores as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. Expenses allocated to corporate marketing
resulting from the operations of high-profile stores were $65
million, $53 million and $39 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Summary
information by operating segment for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="79%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Americas:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,142</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,573</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,596</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,772</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,051</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,949</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets
(a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,290</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,039</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,497</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Europe:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,365</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,622</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,460</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,913</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,313</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,348</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,994</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,775</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">595</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Japan:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,831</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,509</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,082</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">657</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">440</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">232</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">638</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">302</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Retail:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,574</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,315</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,115</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,392</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,337</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">875</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion (b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets
(b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,869</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,085</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other Segments
(c):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,625</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,460</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,753</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">748</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">615</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">388</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">953</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">534</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">252</font></td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Americas asset figures do not include fixed assets held in
the U.S. Such fixed assets are not allocated specifically to the
Americas segment and are included in the corporate assets figures
below.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Retail segment depreciation and asset figures reflect the cost
and related depreciation of its retail stores and related
infrastructure.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(c)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other Segments include Asia-Pacific and FileMaker.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A
reconciliation of the Company&#x2019;s segment operating income and
assets to the consolidated financial statements for the three years
ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 is as follows (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="76%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment operating
income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,482</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,756</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,792</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other corporate expenses,
net (a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,114</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,965</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,141</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation
expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(710</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(242</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total operating
income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,658</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,275</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,409</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,804</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,519</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,588</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43,047</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,053</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21,759</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consolidated
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">53,851</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,347</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">170</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">129</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">109</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">533</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">344</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">208</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consolidated depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">703</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">473</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">317</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other corporate expenses include research and development,
corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing costs and variances not
included in standard costs, and other separately managed general
and administrative expenses, including certain corporate expenses
associated with support of the Retail segment.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">No single
customer or single country outside of the U.S. accounted for more
than 10% of net sales in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Net sales and
long-lived assets related to the U.S. and international operations
for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, are as follows
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S.</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,870</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,469</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,128</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">International</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,010</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,878</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">36,537</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,006</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-lived
assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S.</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,698</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,269</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,752</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">International</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">495</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">410</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">260</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total long-lived
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,193</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,679</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,012</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Information
regarding net sales by product for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Desktops (a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,308</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,603</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,020</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Portables (b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,472</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,673</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,294</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total Mac net
sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,780</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,276</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,314</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">iPod</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,091</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,153</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,305</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other music related
products and services (c)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,036</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,340</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">iPhone and related products
and services (d)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,754</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,844</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">123</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Peripherals and other
hardware (e)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,470</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,659</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,260</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Software, service and other
net sales (f)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,406</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,508</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">36,537</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,006</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product
lines.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro product
lines.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(c)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consists of iTunes Store sales and iPod services, and
Apple-branded and third-party iPod accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(d)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derived from handset sales, carrier agreements, and
Apple-branded and third-party iPhone accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(e)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity and
networking solutions, and other hardware accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(f)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes sales of Apple-branded operating system and
application software, third-party software, AppleCare and Internet
services.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


4149000000


710000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="center"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 1 &#x2013; Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Apple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) design, manufacture, and market personal
computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music
and video players and sell a variety of related software,
third-party digital content and applications, services,
peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company sells its
products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores,
its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers and
value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of
third-party Macintosh (&#x201C;Mac&#x201D;), iPhone and iPod
compatible products including application software, printers,
storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other
accessories and supplies through its online and retail stores. The
Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business
(&#x201C;SMB&#x201D;), education, enterprise, government and creative
customers.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Basis of Presentation
and Preparation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certain prior
year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current
year&#x2019;s presentation. During the first quarter of 2009, the
Company reclassified $2.4&#xA0;billion of certain fixed-income
securities from short-term marketable securities to long-term
marketable securities in the September&#xA0;27, 2008 Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The reclassification resulted from a change in
accounting presentation for certain investments based on
contractual maturity dates, which more closely reflects the
Company&#x2019;s assessment of the timing of when such securities
will be converted to cash. As a result of this change, marketable
securities with maturities less than 12 months are classified as
short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than
12 months are classified as long-term. There have been no changes
in the Company&#x2019;s investment policies or practices associated
with this change in accounting presentation. See Note 2,
&#x201C;Financial Instruments&#x201D; of this Form 10-K for
additional information.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends
on the last Saturday of September. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal years
2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on September&#xA0;26,
2009,&#xA0;September&#xA0;27, 2008 and September&#xA0;29, 2007,
respectively, and included 52 weeks each. An additional week is
included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the
Company&#x2019;s fiscal years ended in September and the associated
quarters of those fiscal years.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In May 2009,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;)
established general accounting standards and disclosure for
subsequent events.&#xA0;The Company adopted FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 855,<i>&#xA0;Subsequent
Events</i> (formerly referenced as Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (&#x201C;SFAS&#x201D;) No.&#xA0;165,
<i>Subsequent Events</i>), during the third quarter of 2009. The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date and time
the financial statements were issued on October&#xA0;27,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Cash Equivalents and
Marketable Securities</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company&#x2019;s debt and marketable equity securities have been
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments in
debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the
available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The
Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either
short-term or long-term based on each instrument&#x2019;s underlying
contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the
unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component
of shareholders&#x2019; equity. The cost of securities sold is based
upon the specific identification method.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Derivative Financial
Instruments</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
second quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815,
<i>Derivatives and Hedging</i> (formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;161, <i>Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities &#x2013; an amendment of FASB Statement
No.&#xA0;133</i>), which requires additional disclosures about the
Company&#x2019;s objectives and strategies for using derivative
instruments, how the derivative instruments and related hedged
items are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and
related hedged item affect the financial statements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through
earnings.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income in shareholders&#x2019; equity and reclassified into earnings
in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on
the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To
receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly
effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on
hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges,
changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of
an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value
hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well
as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to
the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period.
The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative
instruments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The net gain or loss on the
effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as
an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of
the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same
manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward
exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company
excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward
carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly,
any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in
current earnings.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Fair Value
Measurements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
820,&#xA0;<i>Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures</i> (formerly
referenced as SFAS No.&#xA0;157, <i>Fair Value Measurements</i>),
which defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair
value and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements.
This new accounting standard does not require any new fair value
measurements. The Company applies fair value accounting for all
financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and
liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair
value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the
fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are
required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the
principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would
transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit
risk.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
825,&#xA0;<i>Financial Instruments</i> (formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;159, <i>The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities &#x2013; Including</i> <i>an amendment of FASB
Statement No.&#xA0;115</i>)<i>,</i> which allows companies to
choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other
items at fair value that are not required to be measured at fair
value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any
eligible financial instruments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Inventories</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out
method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their
market value, provisions are made currently for the difference
between the cost and the market value. The Company&#x2019;s
inventories consist primarily of finished goods for all periods
presented.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Property, Plant and
Equipment</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property, plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use
of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building, up to five years for
equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for
leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to
acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred
subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs
related to internal-use software are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization
expense on property and equipment was $577 million, $363 million
and $249 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Asset Retirement
Obligations</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. The
Company reviews legal obligations associated with the retirement of
long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development and/or normal use of the assets. If it is determined
that a legal obligation exists, the fair value of the liability for
an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which
it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of
the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is
depreciated over the life of the asset. The difference between the
gross expected future cash flow and its present value is accreted
over the life of the related lease as an operating expense. All of
the Company&#x2019;s existing asset retirement obligations are
associated with commitments to return property subject to operating
leases to original condition upon lease termination. The
Company&#x2019;s asset retirement liability was $25 million and $21
million as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible
Assets</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reviews property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable
intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by
comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash
flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and
equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market
value. The Company did not record any material impairments during
2009, 2008 and 2007.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The
Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests
on or about August&#xA0;31 of each year. The Company did not
recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in
2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company established reporting units based
on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing
goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these
reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting
unit.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their
estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with
definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten
years.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Foreign Currency
Translation and Remeasurement</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for
these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate
those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are credited or charged to foreign currency
translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in
shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries that
use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these
remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the
Company&#x2019;s results of operations.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Revenue
Recognition</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales
consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software,
digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and
support contracts. For any product within these groups that either
is software, or is considered software-related (e.g., Mac
computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music and video
players), the Company accounts for such products in accordance with
the specific industry accounting guidance for software and software
related transactions. The Company applies various revenue-related
GAAP for products that are not software or software-related, such
as digital content sold on the iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone
and iPod supplies and accessories, which is described
below.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or
determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered
delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and
risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the Company&#x2019;s
product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is
shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to
education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the
Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product
because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk of loss
on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement
the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or is presumed
not to be, fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred and
subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all
other criteria for revenue recognition have been met.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Revenue from
service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably
over the service coverage periods. These contracts typically
include extended phone support, repair services, web-based support
resources, diagnostic tools, and extend the service coverage
offered under the Company&#x2019;s standard limited
warranty.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
sells software and peripheral products obtained from other
companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales
transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for
amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally
recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other
companies based on the gross amount billed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of
software or software-related products in accordance with industry
specific accounting guidance for software and software related
transactions. If a multiple-element arrangement includes
deliverables that are neither software nor software-related, the
Company applies various revenue-related GAAP to determine if those
deliverables constitute separate units of accounting from the
software or software-related deliverables. If the Company can
separate the deliverables, the Company applies the industry
specific accounting guidance to the software and software-related
deliverables and applies other appropriate guidance to the
non-software related deliverables. Revenue on arrangements that
include multiple elements such as hardware, software and services
is allocated to each element based on the relative fair value of
each element. Each element&#x2019;s allocated revenue is recognized
when the revenue recognition criteria for that element have been
met. Fair value is generally determined by vendor specific
objective evidence (&#x201C;VSOE&#x201D;), which is based on the
price charged when each element is sold separately. If the Company
cannot objectively determine the fair value of any undelivered
element included in a multiple-element arrangement, the Company
defers revenue until all elements are delivered and services have
been performed, or until fair value can objectively be determined
for any remaining undelivered elements. When the fair value of a
delivered element has not been established, but fair value exists
for the undelivered elements, the Company uses the residual method
to recognize revenue if the fair value of all undelivered elements
is determinable. Under the residual method, the fair value of the
undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the
arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is
recognized as revenue.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For both iPhone
and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time
provide future unspecified features and additional software
products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone handsets
and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting
in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost
of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized
on a straight-line basis over the currently estimated 24-month
economic life of these products, with any loss recognized at the
time of sale. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales,
marketing and warranty are expensed as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to
price protection and for customer incentive programs, including
reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and
volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is
accrued as a reduction to revenue in the period the Company has
sold the product and committed to a plan. The Company also records
reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on
the Company&#x2019;s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net
of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental
authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current
liabilities until remitted to the relevant government
authority.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Generally, the
Company does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to
its customers in connection with software sales or the sale of
extended warranty and support contracts. When the Company does
offer specified upgrade rights, the Company defers revenue for the
fair value of the specified upgrade right until the future
obligation is fulfilled or the right to the specified upgrade
expires. A limited number of the Company&#x2019;s software products
are available with maintenance agreements that grant customers
rights to unspecified future upgrades over the maintenance term on
a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such
maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance
term.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its
assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical
experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit
quality of the Company&#x2019;s customers, current economic
conditions, and other factors that may affect customers&#x2019;
ability to pay.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Shipping
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For all periods
presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and
handling are classified as revenue, and the Company&#x2019;s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of
sales.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Warranty
Expense</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software
warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The
Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting warranty
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual
experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted
for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty
expense as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Software Development
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of
computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are
subject to capitalization beginning when a product&#x2019;s
technological feasibility has been established and ending when a
product is available for general release to customers. In most
instances, the Company&#x2019;s products are released soon after
technological feasibility has been established. Therefore, costs
incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are
usually not significant, and generally most software development
costs have been expensed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In 2009 and
2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million,
respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X
Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X Snow Leopard&#x201D;),
which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. During 2007,
the Company capitalized $75 million of costs associated with the
development of Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X
Leopard&#x201D;) and iPhone software. The capitalized costs are
being amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis over a
three year estimated useful life of the underlying
technology.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total
amortization related to capitalized software development costs was
$25 million, $27 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Advertising
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $501
million, $486 million and $467 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Stock-Based
Compensation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for stock-based payment transactions in which the Company
receives employee services in exchange for (a)&#xA0;equity
instruments of the enterprise or (b)&#xA0;liabilities that are
based on the fair value of the enterprise&#x2019;s equity
instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity
instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock
units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (&#x201C;BSM&#x201D;)
option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit
from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax
benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax
law. In addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of
stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign
tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the
income statement. Further information regarding stock-based
compensation can be found in Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019;
Equity and Stock-Based Compensation.&#x201D;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Income
Taxes</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect
for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized
or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During 2008,
the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification
(&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 740,<i>&#xA0;Income Taxes</i> (formerly
referenced as FASB Financial Interpretation No.&#xA0;48,
<i>Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#x2013; an</i>
<i>interpretation of FASB Statement No.&#xA0;109)</i>, which
changed the framework for accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in
the financial statements from such positions are then measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon settlement. See Note 6, &#x201C;Income
Taxes&#x201D; for additional information, including the effects of
adoption on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial
statements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Earnings Per Common
Share</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number
of additional shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued.
Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options,
shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and
unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by
application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from
potentially dilutive securities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
common share for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in
thousands, except net income in millions and per share
amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="67%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Numerator:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,704</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,834</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Denominator:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average shares
outstanding</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">893,016</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">881,592</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">864,595</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Effect of dilutive
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,989</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20,547</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,697</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average shares
diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">907,005</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">902,139</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">889,292</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per common
share</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.39</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.48</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.04</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per common
share</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.29</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.93</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Potentially
dilutive securities representing 12.6&#xA0;million,
10.3&#xA0;million and 13.7&#xA0;million shares of common stock for
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods
because their effect would have been antidilutive.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Comprehensive
Income</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Comprehensive
income consists of two components, net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an
element of shareholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net
income. The Company&#x2019;s other comprehensive income consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized
gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Segment
Information</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable segments.
Information about the Company&#x2019;s products, major customers and
geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also
disclosed.</font></p>
</div>


393000000


907005000


893016000


1050000000


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 4 &#x2013;
Consolidated Financial Statement Details</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables show the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statement
details as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other Current
Assets</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="80%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred costs under
subscription accounting - current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;3,703</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;1,931</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vendor non-trade
receivables</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,696</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,282</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventory component
prepayments - current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">309</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">475</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,134</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,884</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,822</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property, Plant and
Equipment</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="79%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Land and
buildings</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;955</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;810</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Machinery, equipment and
internal-use software</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,932</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,491</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Office furniture and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">122</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Leasehold
improvements</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,665</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,324</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross property, plant and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,747</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accumulated depreciation
and amortization</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,713</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,292</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net property, plant and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;2,954</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;2,455</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other
Assets</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred costs under
subscription accounting - non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,468</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,089</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventory component
prepayments - non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">844</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">208</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets -
non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">259</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">138</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capitalized software
development costs, net</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">106</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">974</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">433</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,651</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,935</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Accrued
Expenses</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Income taxes
payable</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">439</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">502</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued marketing and
distribution</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">329</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued compensation and
employee benefits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">357</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred margin on
component sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">225</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">681</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued warranty and
related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,620</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total accrued
expenses</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,376</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Non-Current
Liabilities</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">966</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">675</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other non-current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,286</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">746</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other non-current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,252</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,421</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 2 &#x2013; Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Cash, Cash Equivalents
and Marketable Securities</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s cash and
available-for-sale securities held in its marketable securities
investment portfolio, recorded as cash and cash equivalents or
short-term or long-term marketable securities as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="9%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="9%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;September&#xA0;26,&#xA0;<br />
2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;September&#xA0;27,&#xA0;<br />
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,139</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">368</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">289</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">118</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">273</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,798</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,560</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,381</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,429</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash
equivalents</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,124</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,507</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,843</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">343</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,582</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,823</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">219</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,142</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">486</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,816</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,254</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,466</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,247</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">133</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total short-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,236</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">484</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,252</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">751</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">102</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">370</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total long-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,379</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,992</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,490</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company changed its accounting
presentation for certain fixed-income investments, which resulted
in the reclassification of certain investments from short-term
marketable securities to long-term marketable securities. As a
result, prior year balances have been reclassified to conform to
the current year&#x2019;s presentation. The Company classifies its
marketable securities as either short-term or long-term based on
each instrument&#x2019;s underlying contractual maturity date, while
its prior classifications were based on the nature of the
securities and their availability for use in current operations. As
a result of this change, marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. The Company&#x2019;s long-term marketable
securities&#x2019; maturities range from one year to five years. The
Company believes this new presentation is preferable as it more
closely reflects the Company&#x2019;s assessment of the timing of
when such securities will be converted to cash. Accordingly,
certain fixed-income investments totaling $2.4&#xA0;billion have
been reclassified from short-term marketable securities to
long-term marketable securities in the September&#xA0;27, 2008
Consolidated Balance Sheet to conform to the current year&#x2019;s
financial statement presentation. There have been no changes in the
Company&#x2019;s investment policies or practices associated with
this change in accounting presentation.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables summarize the Company&#x2019;s available-for-sale
securities&#x2019; adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross
unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category
as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 8px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Adjusted<br />
Cost</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Gains</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,610</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,085</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,760</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">42</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">502</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash equivalents and
marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;32,796</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">73</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;32,853</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Adjusted<br />
Cost</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Gains</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">559</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">561</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,383</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,372</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,078</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,078</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,683</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,683</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,917</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,809</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash equivalents and
marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;24,239</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;24,122</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 8px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
net unrealized gains on its investment portfolio of $57 million as
of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and net unrealized losses on its
investment portfolio of $117 million as of September&#xA0;27, 2008.
The net unrealized gains as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and the net
unrealized losses as of September&#xA0;27, 2008 related primarily
to long-term marketable securities. The Company may sell certain of
its marketable securities prior to their stated maturities for
strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for
duration management. The Company recognized no material net gains
or losses during 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to such
sales.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 8px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value for
investments in an unrealized loss position as of September&#xA0;26,
2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, aggregated by investment category
and the length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous loss position (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 8px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="49%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="17" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less than 12
Months</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months or
Greater</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 69pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Security
Description</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Loss</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;1,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(13)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2,386</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(13)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2,386</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="10"></td>
<td height="10" colspan="19"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="17" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less than 12
Months</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months or
Greater</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 69pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Security
Description</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Loss</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,822</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;6,822</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,147</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,148</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(77</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,295</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,969</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(44</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;1,148</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(77</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;10,117</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
considers the declines in market value of its marketable securities
investment portfolio to be temporary in nature. The unrealized
losses on the Company&#x2019;s marketable securities were caused
primarily by changes in market interest rates, specifically,
widening credit spreads. The Company typically invests in
highly-rated securities, and its policy generally limits the amount
of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company&#x2019;s
investment policy requires investments to be investment grade,
primarily rated single-A or better, with the objective of
minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were
determined for each individual security in the investment
portfolio. When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary
impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time
and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the
financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the
Company&#x2019;s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than
not it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of
the investment&#x2019;s amortized cost basis. During the years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the Company
did not recognize any material impairment charges. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company does not consider any of its
investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Derivative Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
uses derivatives to partially offset its business exposure to
foreign currency exchange risk. The Company may enter into foreign
currency forward and option contracts to offset some of the foreign
exchange risk of expected future cash flows on certain forecasted
revenue and cost of sales, of net investments in certain foreign
subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and liabilities. To
help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, certain of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries whose
functional currency is the U.S. dollar, hedge a portion of
forecasted foreign currency revenue. The Company&#x2019;s
subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar and
who sell in local currencies, may hedge a portion of forecasted
inventory purchases not denominated in the subsidiaries&#x2019;
functional currencies. The Company typically hedges portions of its
forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and
inventory purchases for three to six months. To help protect the
net investment in a foreign operation from adverse changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, the Company may enter into foreign
currency forward and option contracts to offset the changes in the
carrying amounts of these investments due to fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates. The Company may also enter into
foreign currency forward and option contracts to partially offset
the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the
re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in
non-functional currencies. However, the Company may choose not to
hedge certain foreign currency exchange exposures for a variety of
reasons, including but not limited to immateriality, accounting
considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging
particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will
offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from
movements in foreign currency exchange rates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s accounting policies for these instruments are based
on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge
instruments. The Company records all derivatives on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The effective portions
of cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income
until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The effective
portions of net investment hedges are recorded in other
comprehensive income as a part of the cumulative translation
adjustment. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging
instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and
net investment hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings
in other income and expense.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
a net deferred gain associated with cash flow hedges of
approximately $31 million and $19 million, net of taxes, recorded
in other comprehensive income as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and
September&#xA0;27, 2008, respectively. Other comprehensive income
associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currency revenue is
recognized as a component of net sales in the same period as the
related revenue is recognized, and other comprehensive income
related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases is recognized as
a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related
costs are recognized. The portion of the Company&#x2019;s net
deferred gain related to products under subscription accounting is
expected to be recorded in earnings ratably over the related
products&#x2019; estimated economic lives beginning when the hedged
transactions occur, while the portion of the net deferred gain
related to other products is expected to be recorded in earnings at
the time the hedged transactions occur. As of September&#xA0;26,
2009, the hedged transactions are expected to occur within six
months.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as
hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will
not occur in the initially identified time period or within a
subsequent two month time period. Deferred gains and losses in
other comprehensive income associated with such derivative
instruments are reclassified immediately into earnings through
other income and expense. Any subsequent changes in fair value of
such derivative instruments also are reflected in current earnings
unless they are re-designated as hedges of other transactions. The
Company did not recognize any material net gains or losses related
to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash flow hedges
during 2009, 2008 and 2007.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
an unrealized net loss on net investment hedges of $2 million and
$1 million, net of taxes, included in the cumulative translation
adjustment account of accumulated other comprehensive income
(&#x201C;AOCI&#x201D;) as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and
September&#xA0;27, 2008, respectively. The ineffective portions and
amounts excluded from the effectiveness test of net investment
hedges are recorded in current earnings in other income and
expense.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
recognized in earnings a net gain of $133 million on foreign
currency forward and option contracts not designated as hedging
instruments during the year ended September&#xA0;26,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the notional principal and credit risk amounts of the
Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments outstanding as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="68%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Notional<br />
Principal</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Credit<br />
Risk<br />
Amounts</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Notional<br />
Principal</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Credit<br />
Risk<br />
Amounts</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Instruments qualifying as
accounting hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,422</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,902</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Instruments other than
accounting hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,416</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,868</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The notional
principal amounts for derivative instruments provide one measure of
the transaction volume outstanding as of September&#xA0;26, 2009,
and do not represent the amount of the Company&#x2019;s exposure to
credit or market loss. The credit risk amounts represent the
Company&#x2019;s gross exposure to potential accounting loss on
these transactions if all counterparties failed to perform
according to the terms of the contract, based on then-current
currency exchange rates at each respective date. The
Company&#x2019;s gross exposure on these transactions may be further
mitigated by collateral received from certain counterparties. The
Company&#x2019;s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary
over time as a function of currency exchange rates. Although the
table above reflects the notional principal and credit risk amounts
of the Company&#x2019;s foreign exchange instruments, it does not
reflect the gains or losses associated with the exposures and
transactions that the foreign exchange instruments are intended to
hedge. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these
financial instruments, together with the gains and losses on the
underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions
during the remaining life of the instruments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally enters into master netting arrangements, which reduce
credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the
same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, the Company
generally enters into collateral security arrangements that provide
for collateral to be received when the net fair value of certain
financial instruments exceeds contractually established thresholds.
The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative
liabilities at their gross fair values.&#xA0;The Company did not
record a material amount of cash collateral related to the
derivative instruments under its master netting arrangements as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. The Company did not have any derivative
instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that would
require it to post additional collateral as of September&#xA0;26,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The estimates
of fair value are based on applicable and commonly used pricing
models and prevailing financial market information as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. Refer to Note 3, &#x201C;Fair Value
Measurements&#x201D; of this Form 10-K, for additional information
on the fair value measurements for all financial assets and
liabilities, including derivative assets and derivative
liabilities, that are measured at fair value in the consolidated
financial statements on a recurring basis. The following tables
shows the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments measured at gross
fair value as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="55%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives<br />
Designated&#xA0;as<br />
Hedge&#xA0;Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives&#xA0;Not<br />
Designated&#xA0;as&#xA0;Hedge<br />
Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total&#xA0;Fair&#xA0;Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative assets
(a):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative liabilities
(b):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="55%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives<br />
Designated&#xA0;as<br />
Hedge&#xA0;Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives&#xA0;Not<br />
Designated&#xA0;as&#xA0;Hedge<br />
Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total&#xA0;Fair&#xA0;Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative assets
(a):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">107</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative liabilities
(b):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">68</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All derivative assets are recorded as other current assets in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the effect of the Company&#x2019;s derivative
instruments designated as cash flow and net investment hedges in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="31%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="13" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Recognized in<br />
AOCI - Effective<br />
Portion (a)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Location of Gain<br />
or (Loss)<br />
Reclassified<br />
from&#xA0;AOCI&#xA0;into<br />
Income -<br />
Effective Portion</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Reclassified from<br />
AOCI into<br />
Income -<br />
Effective Portion<br />
(a)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Location of Gain</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or
(Loss)</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Recognized
- -<br />
Ineffective</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Portion
and</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amount<br />
Excluded from</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Effectiveness</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Testing</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Recognized -<br />
Ineffective&#xA0;Portion<br />
and Amount<br />
Excluded from<br />
Effectiveness<br />
Testing</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash flow
hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">283</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net&#xA0;sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">251</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other&#xA0;income&#xA0;and<br />
expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(83</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost&#xA0;of&#xA0;sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">72</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other income<br />
and expense</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net investment
hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(44</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other&#xA0;income<br />
and expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other income<br />
and expense</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Total</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">294</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">323</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(94</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Refer to Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and
Stock-Based Compensation&#x201D; of this Form 10-K, which summarizes
the activity in accumulated other comprehensive income related to
derivatives.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Accounts
Receivable</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Trade
Receivables</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
distributes its products through third-party distributors, cellular
network carriers, and resellers and directly to certain education,
consumer and enterprise customers. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers; however, the Company will
require collateral in certain instances to limit credit risk. In
addition, when possible, the Company attempts to limit credit risk
on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain customers in
Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, or by requiring
third-party financing, loans or leases to support credit exposure.
These credit-financing arrangements are directly between the
third-party financing company and the end customer. As such, the
Company generally does not assume any recourse or credit risk
sharing related to any of these arrangements. However, considerable
trade receivables not covered by collateral, third-party financing
arrangements, or credit insurance are outstanding with the
Company&#x2019;s distribution and retail channel partners. Trade
receivables from one of the Company&#x2019;s customers accounted for
16% of trade receivables as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and two of
the Company&#x2019;s customers accounted for 15% and 10%,
respectively, of trade receivables as of September&#xA0;27,
2008.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the activity in the allowance for doubtful
accounts for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="80%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Beginning allowance
balance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Charged to costs and
expenses</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deductions</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(20</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(17</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Ending allowance
balance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Vendor Non-Trade
Receivables</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors
resulting from the sale of raw material components to these
manufacturing vendors who manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble
final products for the Company. The Company purchases these raw
material components directly from suppliers. These non-trade
receivables, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
in other current assets, totaled $1.7 billion and $2.3 billion as
of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively. Vendor non-trade receivables from two of the
Company&#x2019;s vendors accounted for 40% and 36%, respectively, of
non-trade receivables as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and two of the
Company&#x2019;s vendors accounted for 47% and 38%, respectively, of
non-trade receivables as of September&#xA0;27, 2008. The Company
does not reflect the sale of these components in net sales and does
not recognize any profits on these sales until the related products
are sold by the Company, at which time any profit is recognized as
a reduction of cost of sales.</font></p>
</div>


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 7 &#x2013;
Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and Stock-Based
Compensation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Preferred
Stock</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
five million shares of authorized preferred stock, none of which is
issued or outstanding. Under the terms of the Company&#x2019;s
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is
authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the Company&#x2019;s authorized but
unissued shares of preferred stock.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive
Income</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Comprehensive
income consists of two components, net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an
element of shareholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net
income. The Company&#x2019;s other comprehensive income consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized
gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of taxes, as of the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="78%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2009&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2008&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2007&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net unrealized gains/losses
on available-for-sale securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;48</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net unrecognized gains on
derivative instruments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cumulative foreign currency
translation</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">59</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accumulated other
comprehensive income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">63</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The change in
fair value of available-for-sale securities included in other
comprehensive income was $118 million, $(63) million and $(7)
million, net of taxes in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The tax
effect related to the change in unrealized gain/loss on
available-for-sale securities was $(78) million, $42 million and $4
million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes activity in other comprehensive income related to
derivatives, net of taxes, held by the Company during the three
years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="77%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2009&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2008&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2007&#xA0;</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Changes in fair value of
derivatives</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">90</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Adjustment for net
gains/losses realized and included in net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(78</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Change in unrecognized
gains/losses on derivative instruments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;(3)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The tax effect
related to the changes in fair value of derivatives was $(60)
million, $(5) million and $1 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses
reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income was $54
million, $(9) million and $2 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Employee Benefit
Plans</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>2003 Employee Stock
Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The 2003
Employee Stock Plan (the &#x201C;2003 Plan&#x201D;) is a shareholder
approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to
employees, including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits the
granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options,
RSUs, stock appreciation rights, stock purchase rights and
performance-based awards. Based on the terms of individual option
grants, options granted under the 2003 Plan generally expire seven
to ten years after the grant date and generally become exercisable
over a period of four years, based on continued employment, with
either annual, semi-annual or quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs
granted under the 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, are
subject to the employees&#x2019; continued employment and do not
have an expiration date. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009,
approximately 37&#xA0;million shares were reserved for future
issuance under the 2003 Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>1997 Employee Stock
Option Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In
August&#xA0;1997, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approved
the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan (the &#x201C;1997 Plan&#x201D;),
a non-shareholder approved plan for grants of stock options to
employees who are not officers of the Company. Based on the terms
of individual option grants, options granted under the 1997 Plan
generally expire seven to ten years after the grant date. All stock
options granted under the 1997 Plan are fully vested. In October
2003, the Company terminated the 1997 Plan, and no new options can
be granted from this plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>1997 Director Stock
Option Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In
August&#xA0;1997, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors adopted a
Director Stock Option Plan (the &#x201C;Director Plan&#x201D;) for
non-employee directors of the Company, which was approved by
shareholders in 1998. Pursuant to the Director Plan, the
Company&#x2019;s non-employee directors are granted an option to
acquire 30,000 shares of common stock upon their initial election
to the Board (&#x201C;Initial Options&#x201D;). The Initial Options
vest and become exercisable in three equal annual installments on
each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. On
the fourth anniversary of a non-employee director&#x2019;s initial
election to the Board and on each subsequent anniversary
thereafter, the director will be entitled to receive an option to
acquire 10,000 shares of common stock (&#x201C;Annual
Options&#x201D;). Annual Options are fully vested and immediately
exercisable on their date of grant. Options granted under the
Director Plan expire ten years after the grant date. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, approximately 240,000 shares were reserved
for future issuance under the Director Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Rule 10b5-1 Trading
Plans</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As of
October&#xA0;16, 2009, executive officers Timothy D. Cook, Ronald
B. Johnson, Peter Oppenheimer, Philip W. Schiller and Bertrand
Serlet have entered into trading plans pursuant to Rule
10b5-1(c)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the &#x201C;Exchange Act&#x201D;). A trading plan is a written
document that pre-establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or
formula for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future
purchases or sales of the Company&#x2019;s stock including the
exercise and sale of employee stock options and shares acquired
pursuant to the Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan and
upon vesting of RSUs.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock
Purchase Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
a shareholder approved employee stock purchase plan (the
&#x201C;Purchase Plan&#x201D;), under which substantially all
employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a
price equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market values as of the
beginning and end of six-month offering periods. Stock purchases
under the Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of an employee&#x2019;s
compensation, up to a maximum of $25,000 in any calendar year. The
number of shares authorized to be purchased in any calendar year is
limited to a total of 3&#xA0;million shares. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, approximately 4.7&#xA0;million shares were
reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Savings
Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
an employee savings plan (the &#x201C;Savings Plan&#x201D;)
qualifying as a deferred salary arrangement under
Section&#xA0;401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Savings
Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of their
pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution limit ($16,500
for calendar year 2009). The Company matches 50% to 100% of each
employee&#x2019;s contributions, depending on length of service, up
to a maximum 6% of the employee&#x2019;s eligible earnings. The
Company&#x2019;s matching contributions to the Savings Plan were $59
million, $50 million and $39 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Restricted Stock
Units</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Historically,
the Company used equity awards in the form of stock options as one
of the means for recruiting and retaining highly skilled talent. In
conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s 2009 equity compensation
program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs rather than stock
options for eligible employees as the primary type of long-term
equity-based award. A summary of the Company&#x2019;s RSU activity
and related information for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in thousands, except per
share amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="60%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number&#xA0;of<br />
Shares</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Grant&#xA0;Date<br />
Fair Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br />
Intrinsic<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;30, 2006</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,410</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88.51</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(45</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46.57</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">86.14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;29, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,675</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52.98</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,917</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">162.61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,195</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25.63</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(357</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">119.12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,040</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">134.91</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">111.80</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,935</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">124.87</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(628</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">121.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,263</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;122.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,236,305</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The fair value
as of the vesting date of RSUs that vested was $221 million, $320
million and $6 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Upon
vesting, the RSUs are generally net share-settled to cover the
required withholding tax and the remaining amount is converted into
an equivalent number of shares of common stock. The majority of
RSUs vested in 2009, 2008 and 2007, were net-share settled such
that the Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the
employees&#x2019; minimum statutory obligation for the applicable
income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the
appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were
approximately 707,000, 857,000 and 20,000 for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their
vesting date as determined by the Company&#x2019;s closing stock
price. Total payments for the employees&#x2019; tax obligations to
the taxing authorities were $82 million, $124 million and $3
million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and are reflected as
a financing activity within the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows.&#xA0;These net-share settlements had the effect of share
repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number
of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the
vesting and did not represent an expense to the Company.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option
Activity</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A summary of
the Company&#x2019;s stock option and RSU activity and related
information for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, is
as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts and contractual
term in years):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="49%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Outstanding
Options</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Shares<br />
Available<br />
for&#xA0;Grant</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number<br />
of&#xA0;Shares</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Exercise<br />
Price</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Remaining<br />
Contractual</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Term</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Intrinsic</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;30, 2006</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">54,994</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52,982</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">23.23</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Additional shares
authorized</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28,000</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,640</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(14,010)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,010</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">94.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,471</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,471</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55.38</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(15,770</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18.32</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;29, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,827</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">49,751</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43.91</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(9,834</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(9,359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">171.36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,236</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,236</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">98.40</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13,728</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27.88</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">74.39</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(15,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(234</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">106.84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,241</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,241</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">122.98</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,256</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(8,764</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41.78</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,261</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">34,375</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">81.17</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;3.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,482,530</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercisable at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;24,685</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.01</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,006,829</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected to Vest after
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;133.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">465,321</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Aggregate
intrinsic value represents the value of the Company&#x2019;s closing
stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period in excess
of the weighted-average exercise price multiplied by the number of
options outstanding or exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value
excludes the effect of stock options that have a zero or negative
intrinsic value. Total intrinsic value of options at time of
exercise was $827 million, $2.0 billion and $1.3 billion for 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">RSUs granted
are deducted from the shares available for grant under the
Company&#x2019;s stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times
the number of RSUs granted. Similarly, RSUs cancelled are added
back to the shares available for grant under the Company&#x2019;s
stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times the number of
RSUs cancelled. Outstanding RSU balances are not included in the
outstanding options balances in the stock option activity
table.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based
Compensation</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based
compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the BSM option-pricing model. The BSM option-pricing
model incorporates various assumptions including expected
volatility, expected life and interest rates.&#xA0;The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatility of the
Company&#x2019;s common stock over the most recent period
commensurate with the estimated expected life of the
Company&#x2019;s stock options and other relevant factors including
implied volatility in market traded options on the Company&#x2019;s
common stock. The Company bases its expected life assumption on its
historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock
awards it grants to employees. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
weighted-average assumptions used for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, and the resulting estimates of
weighted-average fair value per share of options granted and of
employee stock purchase plan rights (&#x201C;stock purchase
rights&#x201D;) during those periods are as follows:</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life of stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.54&#xA0;years</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.41&#xA0;years</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.46&#xA0;years</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life of stock
purchase rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6&#xA0;months</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6 months</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6 months</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Interest rate - stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.04%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.40%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.61%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Interest rate - stock
purchase rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;0.58%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.48%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.13%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Volatility - stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50.98%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45.64%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38.13%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Volatility - stock purchase
rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52.16%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38.51%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39.22%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yields</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="2"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average fair value
of stock options granted during the year</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$46.71</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$62.73</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$31.86</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average fair value
of employee stock purchase plan rights during the year</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$30.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$42.27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$20.90</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s 2009 equity
compensation program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs
rather than stock options to employees, although the Company
continues to grant stock options to non-employee directors.
Accordingly the weighted average expected life of stock options was
influenced by non-employee director stock option grants, which had
a ten-year expected life. The weighted average expected life of
stock options also affects the resulting interest rate and expected
volatility assumptions.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table provides a summary of the stock-based compensation expense
included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three
years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="85%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost of sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">114</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">80</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and
development</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">258</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">185</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">77</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Selling, general and
administrative</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">338</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">251</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">130</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total stock-based
compensation expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">710</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">242</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based
compensation expense capitalized as software development costs was
not significant as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 or September&#xA0;27,
2008. The income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation
expense was $266 million, $169 million and $81 million for 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation
cost related to stock options and RSUs expected to vest was $1.4
billion as of September&#xA0;26, 2009, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.53 years.</font></p>
</div>


118000000


12000000


-54000000


707000000


-78000000


11480000


404000000


5704000000


-11000000






0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2008-09-28


2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2008-09-28


2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2008-09-28


2009-09-26










0000320193






2008-09-28


2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2007-09-30


2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2007-09-30


2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2007-09-30


2008-09-27










0000320193






2007-09-30


2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2006-10-01


2007-09-29










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2006-10-01


2007-09-29










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2006-10-01


2007-09-29










0000320193






2006-10-01


2007-09-29










0000320193






2009-10-16










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2009-09-26










0000320193






2009-09-26










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2008-09-27










0000320193






2008-09-27










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2007-09-29










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2007-09-29










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2007-09-29










0000320193






2007-09-29










0000320193


us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember






2006-09-30










0000320193


us-gaap:CommonStockMember






2006-09-30










0000320193


us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember






2006-09-30










0000320193






2006-09-30










0000320193






2009-03-28








iso4217:USD






shares










iso4217:USD






shares


















EX-101.SCH

9

aapl-20090926.xsd

XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA























101 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






102 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical)


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






103 - Statement - Statement Of Income


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






104 - Statement - Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






105 - Statement - Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






106 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






107 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Financial Instruments


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






108 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






109 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






110 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






111 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






112 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






113 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






114 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






115 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






116 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






117 - Disclosure - Document Information


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink






118 - Disclosure - Entity Information


link:calculationLink


link:presentationLink


link:definitionLink




















































EX-101.CAL

10

aapl-20090926_cal.xml

XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE













































































































































































































































































































EX-101.DEF

11

aapl-20090926_def.xml

XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE









































































































































































































































EX-101.LAB

12

aapl-20090926_lab.xml

XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE























Accounts Payable, Current


Accounts payable






Accounts receivable, less allowances of $52 and $47, respectively






Accrued expenses






Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax


Accumulated other comprehensive income






Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income






Stock-based compensation






Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards






Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities:






Accounts receivable, allowances






Amendment Flag






Total assets


Total assets






ASSETS:






Total current assets


Total current assets






Current assets:






Short-term marketable securities






Long-term marketable securities






Cash and cash equivalents


Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year


Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year






(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents


(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents






Commitments and contingencies






Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies






Common Stock






Common stock, no par value






Common stock, shares authorized






Common stock, shares issued






Common stock, shares outstanding






Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000,000 shares authorized; 899,805,500 and 888,325,973 shares issued and outstanding, respectively






Total comprehensive income






Components of comprehensive income:






Cost of sales






Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle






Current Fiscal Year End Date






Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense






Deferred Revenue, Current


Deferred revenue






Deferred revenue - non-current






Deferred tax assets






Depreciation, amortization and accretion






Disclosure includes additional financial statement details for certain financial statement categories within the consolidated financial statements.


Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details






Document Information [Text Block]






Document Period End Date






Document Type






Earnings per common share:






Earnings Per Share, Basic


Basic






Earnings Per Share, Diluted


Diluted






Cash used to net share settle equity awards






Entity Central Index Key






Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding






Entity Current Reporting Status






Entity Filer Category






Entity Public Float






Entity Registrant Name






Entity [Text Block]






Entity Voluntary Filers






Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer






Equity Component [Domain]






Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation






Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements






This item includes disclosure on (1) cash and cash equivalents, which may include the types of deposits and money market instruments, applicable carrying amounts, restricted amounts and compensating balance arrangements; (2) available-for-sale securities, which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities; (3) derivative instruments and hedging activities, which include descriptions of risk management strategies, derivatives in hedging activities and nonhedging derivative instruments, the assets, obligations, liabilities, revenues and expenses arising therefrom, and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items; and (4) other financial instruments.


Note 2 - Financial Instruments






Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment


Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment






Goodwill






Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets






Gross margin


Gross margin






Income before provision for income taxes


Income before provision for income taxes






Income Statement [Abstract]






Note 6 - Income Taxes






Cash paid for income taxes, net






Provision for income taxes






Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable


Accounts payable






Accounts receivable, net


Accounts receivable, net






Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Revenue


Deferred revenue






Increase (Decrease) in Inventories


Inventories






Changes in operating assets and liabilities:






Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets


Other assets






Other liabilities






The net change during the reporting period in other current assets.


Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Assets


Other current assets






Acquired intangible assets, net






Inventories






Total liabilities


Total liabilities






Total liabilities and shareholders' equity


Total liabilities and shareholders' equity






LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:






Total current liabilities


Total current liabilities






Current liabilities:






Cash generated by financing activities


Cash generated by financing activities






Financing Activities:






Cash used in investing activities


Cash used in investing activities






Investing Activities:






Cash generated by operating activities


Cash generated by operating activities






Operating Activities:






Net income


Net income






Other income and expense






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]






Total operating expenses


Total operating expenses






Operating expenses:






Operating income


Operating income






Other current assets






Other assets






Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax






Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax






Change in foreign currency translation






Other non-current liabilities






Other


Other






Purchases of marketable securities


Purchases of marketable securities






Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired


Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired






Payment for acquisition of intangible assets


Payment for acquisition of intangible assets






Purchases of other long-term investments


Purchases of other long-term investments






Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment


Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment






Proceeds from issuance of common stock






Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities






Proceeds from sales of marketable securities






Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, and production equipment. Also includes software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.


Property, plant and equipment, net






Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)






Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions






Research and development






Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)


Retained earnings






Retained Earnings






Net sales






Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data






Selling, general and administrative






Stock-based compensation expense






Beginning Balance


Ending Balance


Beginning Balance






Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies






Statement, Equity Components [Axis]






Statement [Line Items]






Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]






Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]






Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]






Statement [Table]






Total shareholders' equity


Ending Balance


Beginning Balance


Total shareholders' equity






Shareholders' equity:






Disclosures related to accounts comprising shareholders' equity, including other comprehensive income. Includes: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive income, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; and (5) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements. Disclosure also includes compe
nsation-related costs for share-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of stock compensation, incentive distributions, share-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, and employee stock purchase plan details.


Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation






DO NOT USE StockholdersEquityStatementAbstract


DO NOT USE StockholdersEquityStatementAbstract


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income






Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Acquisitions


Issuance of common stock in connection with an asset acquisition






Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Share-based Compensation


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes






Stock Issued During Period, Value, Acquisitions


Issuance of common stock in connection with an asset acquisition






Stock Issued During Period, Value, Share-based Compensation


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes






Supplemental cash flow disclosures:






Trading Symbol






Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted


Diluted






Shares used in computing earnings per share:






Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic


Basic
















EX-101.PRE

13

aapl-20090926_pre.xml

XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































GRAPHIC

14

g91485g21p46.jpg

GRAPHIC


begin 644 g91485g21p46.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0K&4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@`````````````!-0```F`````&`&<`,@`Q
M`'``-``V`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````)@```!
M-0`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````
M``$!`#A"24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````""H````!````<````#D`
M``%0``!*T```"`X`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,"`@("0@,"0D,$0L*"Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+"PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1"``Y`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`
M`````````P`!`@0%!@<("0H+`0`!!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)
M"@L0``$$`0,"!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!"$2,05!46$3(G&!,@84D:&Q0B,D
M%5+!8C,T
)E\K.$P]-U
MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$`
M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@<'!@4U`0`"$0,A,1($05%A<2(3!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#,D
M8N%R@I)#4Q5C
+RLX3#TW7C\T:4
MI(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]B
7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#TYEM)(9M=(')8X-T_E[=B+M9^[^"H@,&5LVMW;7/!$`^_<[_3>I_X
M`KNWX_>?_))*7VL_=_!+:S]W\$VWX_>?_));?C]Y_P#))*1WT"UNUMCZ3K[J
MH!U'\IKE4LQLNNPBJV^U@;,N
?\`R22F@RC,+VMLLM#7CW.80-IW;MP]1UCF_1V?\6K5.,*GN
[:"3PT;G?20L;+=DN#J
MZ+6T%I(NM!KD@[0UM%I^T?\`;E522G__T/1W/'VK:8_FY/CP?^!_]V%:_1_R
M?P_N58FS[3`W;/3[!T3'CZNS_P!EU._-PL
UCB=H;NEQ/[H8T[]R2DWZ/
M^3^']R7Z/^3^']RJNZ@#:VJG&R;B=7.%;JVM'\JS+=CL_P"V]ZB;>JOLAF/5
M55,!]ESG6?\`;%-;J_\`V:24W/T?\G\/[DOT?\G\/[E3MJZD^`S-JI;W+:2Y
M\#]U]U]E?_@*=V(',VW9U[Q$N(
LTDG:`'29]OM^E]+](Q)
M2`=+P"'FX'(ML^E=:\EX_P")<-OV9O\`(Q?1K3#`-;`RC,N8UID"QS;_`.RY
M^4VV]S?^OJR,C',$62")!&Z"!RX?R4CD8P$FT`1N))(]IX?J?HI*:X/466D$
M8U])&C@74O!_=VQE,L_SZ5$?M#(/N]/!J('&VV^9U[?9:O;_`.&O^MJS]IQ9
M(]9LM.TC=P=3M/N^E[7*3KJ&S-@$:G4]MWG_`,'9_F)*048&'39Z\"W()+O7
MM=OLEPAVQ[_YEG_!4^G5_P`&K0VZQ$P>(4/5J_>)U(TW'C=X?\6]2#FF8W=^
M0X?]5_524__1]+OQ6W-;^C98'M-=S'AL.K<-C]VZNUS_`/B_8HXW2^GTU-8S
M"QZ`&[/3JK;M#2=WIM_1U^S=[OH*TSZ(^`4DE-5W3>GNG=C4F2'&:V
B/TO\OU%=6?;TD7&;LFVR)C>RAT`]F[
M\9R2DXP<)HAM%8`!&E;>'?2_-_.3OHJ:P^E3670&AK@:#]'<&/^C_55?\`
M8[=V[[3;N@"=E$P.!_1E,]/N<(=G7N!Y!%)'W''24V&,!'O8UKIX;[A`/MUV
ML_-4MK1_N5,]+
QHX:T4@#Y#'2
M4GBSU(%;/2[/W>Z/SOT?I_\`HQ$V,\/P51W3'O:6/S+G,.A:6T$'Y?9E$]'!
M.XY-I(U!V4?^\R2FU;4QS216RQVC@'B`7-^AN=M?]'][:A4XN,27&BEME=A?
M[`UQ:]S6N>^?39LM=/\`F(;>D[';V95K7?O!M`.OPQE9QL;[.UX-C[G6.WO?
M9MDF&L_P;:V?08W\Q)3$=/P0&M&/4`UKJV@,;HQW\Y6WV_0?^>Q1^SBFW=CX
M](&P,]3Z#@T:>E[*G?HV,^A[U:3'@I*?_]+TK,LLKH8YEC:CW+@2./Y.[:JO
MVR\RZO(8Z'%H!:XC7Z'%?TOWE>Q^W]4?P1C_``*2G,.7
H
X["6NW1
M,?N?211DUAC?5R7A[=7[6:$_G#6H^U76_2=_KV2'*2FG]HI+M,NS4$QM$`#Z
M7^!_E)V9-#W`-R["7$0-K>_M`_FOWFJV?[DYX/P24TFYF*QVYV4]P:`YS7-$
M01[=T5-=WWJU5=5<":SN#26G0C4?UE/^]!MY'P24G255))3:255))3:3'@JL
MF/!^"2G_V3A"24T$(0``````50````$!````#P!!`&0`;P!B`&4`(`!0`&@`
M;P!T`&\`
/X*,<%APQCAT8$(0HPR"
M$(0F1#<0A"NAO>XKWORWO>BS,W.4Q\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%
MSL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<
M+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GES
MCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C
M0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[AP
MSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\
MN<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG
M<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<
M.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=
MGESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=
MD[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>
M[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%
MSL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<
M+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GES
MCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C
M0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[AP
MSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\
MN<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG
M<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<
M.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=
MGESCW<.&<+LG<:%SL\N<>[APSA=D[C0N=GESCW<.&<+LG<:%SM#LB8[Q^#'\
MZ&""PX`P0Z3B"(,89`B"(+(NN$0160VO85KVY;7M0B9N,O_0]XN.?T]@?Y,B
M_P""(:+/F4SHA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"B]3<(GV2=/N8('
MBYY^@Y`E<#?F:+K_`*ZY1;GN"M*(%VO:QE*/>HE]=3=(A^K(@#6-?6>M$!$:
M4"URQYAURN^E6?J8W#;$Z5BC<*M>4\BR)ST:7U%=<(N7(\:0J-0J?!6N+H3C
M=B#%IJPO"S99N
RMQI>T9^/?4ACS33G%JA;NP#SEJ7;TN*)%&4JXG'4+BF/)1F&0N4_GL^F;0
M^35XF^12\4R1>C0O38D*7);'$$%H1W",P!+BXTJUC^/C6C(5T(?\C((I+@
M'%ND[#4-
'J0XHRPYS6-R+%DF4:;GV*G+G-Y9E"R0.(
M^@.**&F,Y2W"T@Z-]53?J"Q]D5%#AN1;3J$RE+0O;]EIO50R+8ZD7R(ZDL]7
M<"6%A=X?DJ%R:0X)R6T@YC*ZR!JDURTC')&=.@;S@K27%,)(=!>I&71J0PX^
M+N,2=7MD417/>56'.JJ[[JK>GG55@B?MF4FL);FG
U-X\R0]-$FRU-]2L9ER!W:)
O\`@W-"CY#89GIK1E+<5)8$3$Y"X/DI(4-3,Q)8EDL%
MT0Y"U#&>,I0Q*(^8X7.YKB6AN&I>*:N:G-!&3Y8ZZR'W'J!
MXE#9/4.)G[!,"5R2)W86673O+\!FFL2S*T2EU:6LDV=(L,,#AT;PK(1G*E[F
MG(,`0O4EABQ/A5V1]*6N%SQOI6:L$XLB>.S-+;M+\^F12436#XK%.LT(LL-#
MO"HHW1K"+K.\?')7;%R&1,R\MR<$34H*EI9YJLE40>$LMQE?FE[1;FS$VJM1
MGN4E15*P3?(^OE_DZ&/MC>SSE*TY4U(NLUP+YD3-).GTC++(LQPIZ5&@+;$)
MD8.ZJF'<=R!BHDS%4P;[H\SZ]M>J-E3P1"CR;D.):L$B340NSU(P(LQ#R;D<
M
CLAN64VLQ3`8AI
M2U\Y&U".R21,YJM:^2%QRAAY4SHV_P"FB5V$M5&D.5TA:?G&B9B
0Z0I7GK&4*>
D=798^1AA<'H"A0E3*FQ8Z*0J"4QAERZ%QG2JXYH)
MU0-C+(X@L`C,@Y.C![D\1:-LT!KFGUVS[29#M*,B80*!KA%(XRQ,,+='>SG<
MZZ)2[S(X\L8!$&B&+CK:+23I6
782AD+\_\^8O@6-,=97NX-47.-D^0&1$Q
MYWRBXC)//51XI!,U8I@L(`0:H7JFT-DQ"HZY9)@N,(MI=Q#K.TV2O$+9,L'J
M,CP_%L.U`X(8E>/
I#:A<536:`_'WF!9IDUQ8NGN!&
MP.5,D8@S$1B"5N@,&I`/66%X\C+\7.*.=Q&>O$U/
8;AR32]E>,9L+B.(<=L;+@!^REI#R2W25GF38PL.+X]IR?C'F:P5
M1!1V#(5CA,PMB<#9]-)4H#KKC+K34MB.0X7C^M*6SXR=1Z*,2!F779DY66H,
M[,D]#C-Q3XNE;>O5ZTL`Y(NHFLW0Y"=C\C3)%AN-OY[`_I"&TUEMUY'8'3.!
M(1%N&^^DG2;F*-RUZRAJ:G,H
4G"&N$(G*QMQ[EO'\HQ)B7&"&;3_'
MR0]2W$O
?DR4?@BZBQYA_]'WBXY_3V!_DR+_`((AHL^93.B%
M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!U6_)-*]9S
96
MEU\=N[UJ%RD9CQRCT?13%HQ>I8B6#`SVME#BVDRANRX2^.O6V=JLK=QV:R!%
MDVN,L=1J*S;C8HSK\A4GS;#03G&,89\'O\M;B79`#`^2(K+6:'RB3:Q(Z@-7
MRY\RP](6]TA+/@B!/#F:
SBFN.$4%D2J70I,/28QYI7
MR!3D8.6%:)E>?-US6,"N,ND5+7-C:F1&&'WNO2JE@J*N%*9KU*Z_L(:D
I3-Q&+)).
M-76/Y1$'MO5C4+&>*8&F[(AAA[?"+RJ:Q,MPM.LCJ\E,D2>TRAJ;)>2C8VV2
MF]`!"F.,,L,=28SAB]6>+LLON;(/,,;RK4(@:4^`M1JUW9L=Y)R"RP$S)D/;
M8*IPD0ZQ1B=D\=/>7EP?'D("3"+W=K$6`;8RR<%@"*:S+\W?*Y",90Y@B^(L
M>9)F[)DUBB#O-9SCS+,=12J%K=.>`LB,P5K+'))/Y$V.1^5,@2N*NTM-,.9T
M:J)C&K+2G'B`&97_`"N35`?J@0:S<,..,`9[?<9B)PB@7Q2&DJ8[C`%S,N2:
MV89`^3E$&:0Y=S,<*T7UIGF;31-J(JT5>2798>:A$54M38M)?D:FN.M;\3
M?83G.-/TJS+`Y9@QT=7V=QAQCL9E>?8
BMW9G8L=X^NJ)=GUF4"
M:U30(I>R)SQV=Q%,K_G#9;.6/=96+]&L!BD:R-DJ=Y>;,P/SS)E^-5
H>+G&*@
XND
M(AKF[GKE+LXQ6/+W12Z1E9"G-0XJVA&H6GN,-<#U2^)+C5)@A'-AYIAR`R]R
M!B$(N][UE*J!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"&9&_3V>?D
MR4?@BZBQYA__TO>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE+4RE.L3D*TAY*I(J)*4I528T!
MZ=2G/`$T@\@\H0BSB3BQ6$$0;W"(-[7M?DHC[4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"
M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@JK.>4D&$<-92R\XMZQY3XW@
H&42YKEFGYX(C,JS%@*)PQ[A6(S\8/=W-5>(ZDV\ZW7%K*F5;,+QV'
M;I;7+C4Q'Q.&VFF;5KES45J2R="76*-V.,>0_'
Q_,KY!D
MWF2&08UB:.(3=3$VQ.Z!8TB]]071+R3@J#B[@..$Q4-5WK5)K+P!&7O(3I+%
M.I5OAT_UV7D\-F\>A6*S5V,-(J.6+&L49>\88>7*SYK,&>/]*E)4)RT2YR$6
M"QZ9/<5KBHEN1A+4W(
1(X&12MLBZ^-GIF*#"2MT>G,.122+.[
M@UE.:QP.=2OIT:J+C3:Y)G[6'G+-VG];@="Z1V'2/`>GW*F2$$EBF*F&.I$L
MAS5.F3)Z+)9
Q*B+M=V0\_988
M]7"S'PIVKA["RO>)$,`PRBPBYSQ3J"A,M:SUV39PGFR0298PJX
3S6)-VDI"V#;LTP[#T(E[QF8@$5=KRF43.+[32UO9(%()G$DY[;#RI*TIS6
MX13PQNQ`BU)182EBQ9]?ZFNH34AJF@VH:50;'D78W+$K7/\`XV6-UF"QQ2)7
MN&-FH+5>#&.6$S-%C(.\;=@E4*O9&>H,=F\4<+%=:1SC+
0&_'C%I[CB)7(M0[!BMAD2W*[S=B3XX=\::GLF+IU($Z;%2A\9IJSI=+R]
MK.C"U,@,)=WE,0J5);DCN:)BOE2,;^3C4B]*,B9#2Z?&EUBI,6TQQR*XC02>
M3C?8;EK-KIK'8$T5R/)W+$4;6,.2R
H(D#)!.+
MT5=U
-6/+=I*O;&)"AET'@;GD:28NCK$F7S8AO3DW:2'9.(NQH;E74BHS
ME]7[7/FV`YMRKCLS%#9D2*QW.Y+.&1KY*X0M=%<5JWO1WC@"&,LK/C:2)9X_
MD2C44O>.D<'-K!U1M/)N=>U@7*%1M2LF^3S4"SRK+
+XTU8L7-T+0$NQ[80O>&SJSBE'UX))EEHEK]6U
M>(M=,VR5J,Q1@Q_PPCQR3D+3W$,V2!R=Y
U\%F<@BRY[
%1R0'-C:SQR6X]=TK8D=X7'%B7%#GDL^5+_P#B
M#FTMA%@!.,"6:(`U`SXLSY8H>!LOS2
NV%U#$S2"0HW]]QP]3:'KFS.\*
M,E:-[5P[+CR=()6X2>3M:8LF\?0+4;=&8^U)SXV&YJ%6
PD"9ANE+EDR:`V<&IVC($"AYC#00A<(PZK5A'U]\:&`U0
_<:A@
MZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:
MA@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_
M<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:AA@'OSL^QV3N:S'*^11'ZOLP]
M*L<.QSBP_7T8&]Z^E*AY$N:C^J(2PE'\R]ND+M:U_LH,_P!1R%O1#.`WOW&H
M8.HY"WHAG`;W[C4,'4
_<:
MA@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_
M<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:AA^@H<@6$&XY/#A`L*W."&"O8
M!7#R_>L$5\B#L$5[?TO>U^3_`'7HF$QH(9D;]/9Y^3)1^"+J+'F'_]3W,I96
M&"X'0303'().&*8J;Y#>.11N,=Y,^_2(J0N^DL+65>QB]V<+D=$05:]N>8*U
MN6U%^5'84UCM>86K3LM!CUS:S=0#9+51#HPS*#S^"Q1SAK&XO;E'U
5!;<,):4QN1*TW,,`N)1J2A)KBO*7R;5`U1K(<\QB/'4\72N*@P^1%T10H
MJB#DURS*MR
*<7$VKO'^8
MY"Q-$9C\Q1L\H*,11Z6/),;):'"9-T'CN0Y)`C$;?)7)^22&-QN2E].:-)]/
M&K0KB`*1"(*NH%+XGG_)$/YSQS_W"B]"$SHA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!
M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!
M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!00S(WZ>SS\F2C\$746/,/_U?=.PQEEF>&6")R-*:M8
MI'CAD9G5,0N<&M48B7QQ(G/NC=6E4A=VE<6`?.(5I#R%24X(323"S`!'8L^4
M5Q]IHQ'C*+8]BL79GD)6,0.8XL^NLNE+Q*[.;W%C(6[/KS(W!W.
I&X&`--&58LL`M^X9I^Q#CV1IY3#8>
M!C=43&@CR`HA[DBAB;4+
N8FM6M/"&=Q5*$)RI0E,/-"%,"Q=
MK"%?D!:P?Z6Y*$))Y
U$N=IC00S(WZ>SS\F2
MC\$746/,/__6]O;]M!^V-=LFMDC9);X5#9B
C:EW8`
M2!X1'7L:0B"M2FJC`V+*-`8(`K%^6F.E,6?QP#1I)96XYN;(RWM.0$.0HU+5
M[G*"9`PVQTZNL2R!,E4SA"#.#>X&OW(F;VE[<#[D7&$`@K1!1*[19K+^.TJU
M)/TK$]H%^9@8O>76;.V7#XS$7LM0SXC<,F1%1IT6X`0VA9DF=).\X44N!TR2
MLX%T@;U8EA9Q2=Q`T%A&$[TYK]5Q^1(T5F04WLO%'D@YXB=VIL3XX(AM\3X]
M-BC@RNK*Q(V$W,:C+1CZ6_HT"L=B!?4.>59J!&S!":^&W62GUT2($Z5/#)(Z
M$%3'&]P.*%5#RT2F]YW%3;A)`YRMN<`B"8*Y5^D(+MS[7O:]P<@[U(23:A[]
M.9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>
M_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J
M'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3
M:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRA
MTVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\
MH=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^
M/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['
MOCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]N
MQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?
M;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9
MGV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3
MF9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'O
MTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A
M[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATV
MH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=
M-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*
M'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OC
MRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=?H,G>Q""&^.YB"UQ6M<8EV/[A!:]^2XA6!.ACN$/\`
M6_):]_\`=:B=3&@AF1OT]GGY,E'X(NHL>8?_U_>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE&
M\P9JQ_@N.L\FR&O>$J&0RY@@S`ACL6DTVD3[)Y(:<%O:F2*PYI?)(\JPI$BE
M486E2G&A2I31V"*X>;<1%HM;5'@HP<@*3S@2X^.!36/3ML7F3HI?5*EU1,`V
MR!IF^/*3\EO;;(W%.UKT$="Z+6UU/+1*BB50PDW%)3%,XXHG,C+BL0FC=('=
M1'FV4([MQ#B
<)"Q-QYOU20.=P_:%*
MA(4*1V_\(+T6(F?#HGFOSLS_`%&29SQ/\3>C_).JR9$#"B49>GK"[0W#$74'
MW'9,Y.J,U4RN`6DX%P7"-^=8B+GBO:UA_984O37UK_J7>WIY69M7X/Q:JU(L
M\68<\&0UG#E5KA3A9SBQ,R)3V)=CV94$-B@IEQI=E%R2Q'%)AFB)+..`6$X=
M8GSCPF61OT]GGY,E'X(NHL>8?__0]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F52:H,`6U'X_
M8H/>3)8O]$R1`I]=2OB,=FC>XEP]Z`O4-*MK?TPS$HU"88S$JM"H1*TZTHFX
MC#4MU*12(FE*-&@:*1^2)ILV91R$MF\2ZL;BJ3RH]%)5$(6*%C,ZS!:Y-1X$
MK!*5N179E"<_*K)$"YS-//6'J#'<\YT,%_Q/\/:/XAAF0QYP899)G6.Q+K#Q
M'8P\)F"UDT]>8%',<2N<+7EL:FY:N4R%@C?3=2"$E$F7NC@:`%RAH4[>)FUQ
MY*8G16@3JD\SDC60;,<;V`W(4L/,1)KVG<5*N(D;G%'%P$(1@;FWZ0\RW/O>
MUK6!R`L(239=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]
M1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>
M_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-E
MWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#
M9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.A
MPV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#
MH<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^
M`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''
MO@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]A
MQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?
M8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1I
MGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4
M:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWO
MU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=
M[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV
M7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<
M-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<=;^K_Y/M%^B0+D
MV9AU8O;MD)N$82+#^,D&-I_E#KI5N==`YL33#0M\.4#+M<0!2!:T$#Y.0)EQ
M7L&\6(F?AUA-NKGYK?D.5IR]$>&'+1Q@-T*OT>H#5`EA(Y`^MBD!Y9+K&FT[
M&2<\21:F,N(N[*POY9*@FU_JI5A6M3*UZQYRO[$7^/AA1?)2
6Q0`
8?__1]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""
M(:+/F6J^O3-4VP5B.&RJ#S*,012]YLQA#)`_R*T9LK!%I"YJK.R**'3Y>QXS
M321<-(47<
3P`J76EZKZ:ADP&8HX8DZM$I
D/;@&DF!3DB576)'(J]28;
4$28=C+7$&W*"]A?TORT(23S&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9
MQ0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8
MV/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3O
MU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY
M#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.C
MS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R
M=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=
M_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"I
MT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*
M&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q
M[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H
M5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"ITBB#4'@1U
MDKO#&O-^(7*81_H/KT309*ABR2LG64Q:Q-]78D[T8Z-O6$AH30=,4#GEBL*W
M*&]KT*G25^8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS
M&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=
M^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_
M(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT
M>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&
M3OU"IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.CS&Q[OY#.*&3OU"ITPLCS7AJ'L;E)I=EO&46C;
M.GNK=Y!(Y[%61C:DMA@+NI
\HB@F!,LI8&IZ0
MB!SN>I*O:]ZEK'I/SAJA;%WR\_)'?K>J/5EC+XZ-/3N&XQ86P=)FE7EAX:AF
MFB`CD3BR2[ZL79U;^:4J`Y2<)!=[\HV.U^D*IEK_`#'B+EV0Z0/BU^,;1B8U
MOT!C<"G^3FT2=1;+^99;&\A3L#DG,L<4ZLQ:X2>)PUQ+.M>X3V1K;C[VOR#,
M'R
[^0SBAD[]52IT>8V/=_(9Q0R=^H5.GZ#D3'XQ!`"=0X8
MQBL$(0R=D$(0A7Y`A"&RZ][BO>_):UJ)4Z3&@AF1OT]GGY,E'X(NHL>8?__2
M]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F7YR!+\>06-CD>49)$(G$4CM'RS'R
7&+FN#X
172W1B$,(PJK%B!>P[6O8CBEY7Q:
0F<5[\B"XW4LZ)`I5%%G&J`E@*&8$(KVN*UKA+B7AH4.)
M[.0ZMQ[NF0I'12UDKDQKBG;%YJDA"XGH0&B4E(5IR,X!)P@V+,$4.P;WN$7(
M$=GG_)$/YSQS_P!PHO183.B%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%
M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!^1""`(AC$$``!N(0A7L$(0AMRB$(5^2P0AM;EO>_]
M*#IYU>?.'H

M:$@],2H7.Y(^=:R`P8>9>6U'K,M$_HWSG_*`&PGY
HU
M]CJJP2QE++?\$GZ=Q*!
6/E&F/#S;W9E?\`/K_96:7_`(SVA*T1
M;DXLBZFDV7$JE0\K\ZM>2FI),W>2*C1+#7)2UK8JZ1M,FLN&(5@D)RUXBQ7L
M-8,V_34H^\\8`/Q:_+9IMYAVC7Y99%-&9`"_TO'FJ9@<)&RI4I?,M=E)='\O
M-3P1I&AKZ$0O]/HQ?ZME3L^WK/GU?O]Z_SSZ9ON:A_CD@&J>+-_WA
M2W3!)E),G=DX/_F!VC\><
FEN+,N(-CK7BMUTZ.*+$"]A\^.DB_
MIS;#^WD6?2?AVGX4^0'1+J*ZH3AG5)A2;.BX8"TT93SMF:)H8,SEZ*UX/(5#
M1,"NEO:]@\]"&PKVO:W+>UZK-3'PW`HA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0:UZC]8>F'
M2-&[RC4;FR!XK0C3"5M[:_NX#98_DA-$2+9:$-8'"8RD830"L(+>A4W!8(KB
MY`A%>Q8B9\0Z/7KYI=5>LEY<8!\2FB6;9,1E.`FA?J4SL@O&,51\=A@)/4EM
MX'5L82CK%#$I3`
&UAW5
ML^T1_P`P[SM/FE/3CI3BP8;IVPU`\3,8B2"%MXLRDE/;Y9-R]`=)Y4LNLE,K
M6%\OV*'-8K/_`/QU69F9\M@:(4"@4"@4$,R-^GL\_)DH_!%U%CS#_]/WBXY_
M3V!_DR+_`((AHL^9:]:RL*33.&/(*SX^2QA1*H7FG&V141\ED;_$S&Q)'W!6
MB>7..O[*VR-$D?DK,\*/])U9'UL6H1*4HT?3'D*4XA7RS23)C^65.9^-)ED"
M*J<,I(BB4L!,&@4OB^-(ZRN$I:9>SLL=D*2&+,@Y65.3P8
-<5+<>N:$;;=(
M@Q5%18Z+<68L+DJ/N79L1F$EW:+K7(3-MJ,E)9@8@3C;'V-I&\4QQOU=*NBC
MHXK2A;=Q4(KG+T\S:R#PW4VN.U@IB^0%[`Y;WMS[B$DZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:AAA9&[O\`#F)T
ME$NR/C**QEC2&+WJ12.,+6-B:$)7)TJUT=W/)R5O;TA7+;G&&F``'E^V]##H
MMSY\]>/&*
6.
MZEG:7%KN7<7/7$\V]2VH]?F<0IY?H%^87Y+TGU#7WJA9]&^$78T!U]+VGU$!
MR=G%I.&66N9YB>RR>[6:G
B&_<:A@ZCD+>B&3&K#&1(Z>$P)S!.L-VEK*<$VP0FA-
M:W^<."$P)@0VL*UR[\MK6Y:#JPS7\!^@#-G6U2C#./<7/BD`P%ON%&6=8WZE
MS^2]QI(HV93/QWSPWMRVN8S&
HT5?+7G?';
M4AY#6#&>1&%U?X88>6,=RK/-VZ=CAY@`%7L'EV//Y?M^[:U^;97]7[1/GU9X
M61O\D#3'>UIEA[2UKSBB`(3G208_
W/*2Q-S
MO8?+S`\RU[TR?XGYI%T7^0D]XM
UP6$#[]+/IJ;=BN%/ELT-Y]ZL3`M<>G1`Z*
MNB+*8
48>?#%AO,#]/2-V59Q#C'9:`P7,YJ*ZD)E[7N6(8>05UI/K,?#L
M3;#I@]($KJSSG'SLUKBK'HG)LA[HO0+";WN&QR58ER4:G4%7N&]N<`5[
_<:A@ZCD+>B&01M2XV/$8%09"#
B&_<:AA^@H<@6$&
MXY/#A`L*W."&"O8!7#R_>L$5\B#L$5[?TO>U^3_=>B83&@AF1OT]GGY,E'X(
MNHL>8?_4]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F5)ZL
)+E.`X],2N
M"B2V;V-!+7,U,I?5;;"(S-)T]AL).!$4G9FAS6%*%I:D2
@D`9GTR<."Q@P\[K9?/&6,9#?(S)FN*SQPVM482/B@8!''!R`-.\L
M2Z3&+252&PD:8Y9T)(I9N$=8)&:)'&$B;'RB/Q68A.96-[4R(U<_@G;3C*'9
M3D;,[18,:1I$,51,DMNF1/9;HHLXJTE[A2EIE"10>)BFST\_Y(A_.>.?^X47
MH0F=$*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"K,PYQ
MP[I\ABW(><,FPC%,)0"N4=(YU(VR.MQRNY8S2FUO&XJ"3'5X5!+O8A$E"
F_K7_4L)'/ABU6ZT7MJR1\N^LB
M7Y&2)UH79KTOX-<]F\61PX%K62!5NA#>V1Y.MND'=,MNT,9;@8$-KV>CK_>I
M6S[1'_,.]O3YI8TZZ4XDZ=L.P?$T>$`@*TN+-!93N^#3!N`A5)Y,L$LDTK
M<"P7Y+*7-8K4
('T:LT5S/J*ERQ6MAYSFN"=R"N-9UBQG)S3`C!>X;J6/:8
M^77.Y?X\$6Q
&]PWE-??<.)Y:_Y'VF+[T*S+I>UY19']UOC^06ULA
7Q4ZD<
M6MB'['/).(`'3N&G=#_\Z-%]<;&:(E]7`6(RP;2U3S@7#>X@AY!B7_#ZQ/CV
M;>X4^>7XOLU]62DZBT6+7M1T/.8\UQQ_QUU7IN;:W694O1*<>AYA@KA'S'D?
M,YMQ7Y`<@KKA/K[:=J$$R5CG*3,&1XRG\)R+'A]'S'Z"2IBES,/I@=*5S72/
MKW!"+I2_O!Y!_>#]MOLJLO[D+)6/,2Q5RG.4YU$,<0MG!TCI+)S(VB*QU`'F
M#,M94\/BM"@)&,!0KA#
?DR4?@BZBQYA__5]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F6-R=B/&6:(^BBN5
MH/')]'6V1L,M0-,E;BG!(CD4:6A7-#HG"9;G%'%"YY!P;7L6K1'GI#PFI5!Y
M)A&"5Z>L#KCI"I5X:Q@
A:Y&I%!XY92\(&P]L5MR98H"W!.&!`L9$)Q-
M["L(H]"F,#>PTY(@"TC8<4XQBTA%+8SCR%1Z3B8&^*?7F2,,S4Z@C32E;T#<
MPE+4*,@\AI2(&=$G`0"X2^KH4I7)S$Q`2PP^2H9#W1`G<7.*1MQ<%,QQN%0O
M7,36K6GA#.XJE"$Y4H2F'FA"F!8NUA"OR`M8/]+
]N+[CV+$L
MY)1*<*:3'VFTVF+BM6%IPB4'-;NRC-']IHCA7N*ZC[ZAWBXNTL::\)QE-#L2
MX%Q)CZ-I@%!LVQB`QIM"J&38=@JG-44W===W`72"N-2K,.4&"$(0QBO>][UF
MYVLCRYQ[N'#.%V3N-"YV>7./=PX9PNR=QH7.SRYQ[N'#.%V3N-"YV>7./=PX
M9PNR=QH7.SRYQ[N'#.%V3N-"YV>7./=PX9PNR=QH7.SRYQ[N'#.%V3N-"YV>
M7./=PX9PNR=QH7.SRYQ[N'#.%V3N-"YV>7./=PX9PNR=QH7.SRYQ[N'#.%V3
MN-"YV_0<=X_`((P06'`&`5A!$&,,@1!$&_*$0160VO85KVY;7M1+G:8T$,R-
M^GL\_)DH_!%U%CS#_];WBXY_3V!_DR+_`((AHL^9:G:_\=S[)6'84S8]B\QF
MCBV9VQ'(7F,Q)>R%DN<<;)`,"\
I`]Q.>N;"_(8VLRVR,.9;`529(S&X]0H,
)L+()5G@<5PSXMPN;3GC#4_%LB1I?EAREKB-%'DH)
MC+G+(UY'"Y''/*C'S&Q8_;XB.7N"H&0(GDQM=G!PD!K,F+<2S%"@"TP;H
X'%"JAY:)3>\[BIMPD@
X.0=Q"2;4/?IS,^W8]\>4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4
M.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
Y$+4EB&&Z9Y:62?&H8>/E+%R7>U3:$?
M)>P+C%R!O+6/69\.M%RU,?-S\E"8(=+&"@?'[IL>AEV+R_DLQ'?-,ECZ@P1@
M'2,IY46SK2R7)M"`Y*)H9TI5C!\@'T0!6'9E:]8\S
:6<-/PLI:A8
M#EK6]GQR5@=W_(^HAW@DDCZA[&7R+5J3';ADIV:70*LZ_2W'(U$B5EF6L(L\
M%_LI1/M/Q-0[ND3VO;4:1N;L72E`WH$Q")`@1'XX2HT2-*4`A*D2)2)R60F3
M)B"P@++`$(``#:UK6M:JSUR=J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F
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M9&_3V>?DR4?@BZBQYA__U_>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE7FH'4!$].L5C,GE+1
M(9"=,\B1'&$5CT7"QA=WN5S!2H"@1$*Y.]QJ-H0E($"I1<:UP2@-N18@H0U)
MQ)1@B+8)ZU6XE9I8_0*QLK=9Q'V2`.JF)M,1>3GQ4YY-,6;)0Q(E5$(PAFYJ
M%)9
4L7W3)A]+85+)8]U.8DRE(FZ/0QU>7"SRV$+F-]51I[:8X
M\N`HM'YNX15"Z.B-)R2]BB
18TXGD$I0.1*,5,+.GG_)$/YSQS
M_P!PHO0A,Z(4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@^1YY*8DY2I
M.*3ITY1AYYYY@"B2"2@7,-..-,N$!918`W$(0KVM:UN6]!TM:L/G:T8Z>WLS
M&6)EC]K"S\K5F,K#BG3R6&4H5$EN98A,R/$_0D.;$2H-4A&480SE/SFG-!8R'AY0"9E?\^OC,NRO1I\.VA?10-LD<$Q:3D+
M+2`9*LS-681IIS/@NI=A7$YQ^RM(3&X2IN::9>QK,@1*1`'S3CCN2PJ4D^TS
M_P".T>JR4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4
M"@4"@AF1OT]GGY,E'X(NHL>8?__0]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F4$S]@]JU`0A
M!!GB62R((4,RB,P,5Q0UF,^J[+.Y3D./2%CD[/(HI)XX[$A$`U&YMZQ.6HL0
MK`792E(,`(FE+M&@+3Q$WVTJQZWR_'DH1QR/L,=?8_,')U.B:J-/IL@;Y0Q-
M
YVCL
^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWO
MU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=
M[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV
M7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<
M-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<-EWOU&F?8<>^`Z
M'#9=[]1IGV''O@.APV7>_4:9]AQ[X#H<8MY27CC>>[R'+S\PM24-Q*7-Y%C)
MK;TX;!$.XCUJZ$D)B@V"&]^40K?9:]#C4?(6N[1-BNYQ4\^0O$+&N3\O3,P<
MI8%=I"7:PSB[B%&V2..3]S+&IQ@YW5N3G@N'EYUN2IU:G\M(Y_\`//\`&+!;
MG$)=9629^O3\ZQB"`8;7.=KBL-.$(27AYPRP1I5T@#A#M
0P",UGQ5B9"U+U(1*B0A3*HG'
PR3+`A&H<1@S1)N7_3,%;I%%N0806OT3)_AF'3X<_D
M$U7*4#3\BGR@3&=XJ"H$ID6(\!QM+!F64V$HZ6R98H3-$/AQ82PWO
EOXWM+>B]N.1:;HAY=KUA/5W26A;(7))^[D7^\
M-,Z3^61!\F*IO$;>XPI+K;(RA"OT90+7Y*M,S[3/EN!LN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+
MO?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&
MR[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#
MALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'
M0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\
M!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./
M?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#
MCWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^
MPX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3
M/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^H
MTS[#CWP'0X;+O?J-,^PX]\!T.&R[WZC3/L./?`=#ALN]^HTS[#CWP'0XF=$0
MS(WZ>SS\F2C\$746/,/_T?>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYEJ=K_F63(/AZ%.F+Y-
M+HJY+\[8CC\A70J//#P]K(N^2`:!0T`>&3'&7E,,*<7DQ""RX<:>2EIW1M-T
MQ@G(-J$-=E&:]4BG(!":RS.\=QPZ1-J7925N.#6=3,L"K+O\!2`!%V]MPJ^1
M60O*EA<5!RE2F>
.0N.1SRHQ\^,60&^7#B#>J'D"69,
UH$[
[^0SBAD[]0J='F-CW?R&<4,G?J
M%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J='F-CW?R&<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J='F-CW?R&
M<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J='F-CW?R&<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J='F
M-CW?R&<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J='F-CW?R&<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[
M]0J=(1,]26G7'"7KV0\^85@:+HAG]
4X-%TO0EEJ#AG=8?'U"3T0"4AHKB
MY>2P2AW_`*!OR"ITU:F_RT_&ECX%QOVMK3VOM8%C.2$3YLR:/FWN6&UK%XWO
M*S+CY3;?=Y.=:UKWY.0(N1<'U]M-)IW_`)(WQ>1*QFS<[RQE@P/+8DC'^'94
M@-5CY@!`+3VR>'&X.>:,?,#T@@6YP;\O);DO>7"_3V5"Z_Y"$DE"<"S3W\7V
MM/*[
LY1I4
<7:Q9EKKD^OK'F7]^C_Y!N6Q7&^ZW=`NF=I4B&4M00TN*2M^*
M3&W5IC;(`O&-,B$@%
TR@%[%
KA#,<'G)SC`V6MF88^UFE6-Z0)90V*Q9=PEF6MR_P"F%TN/
MCT9)E_Q[?CE6JR'C,>I[4#G5]!]JA1.,]P9.WF7N4,D=DQ;3%T\A3`-#T5QV
M$Z&WN).7R7L'G!$J#[>WQ#;N`?#O\-6.AD*&K`F(G]83
S=R`8$T$XJL5?&6'=)6/S
M"0VL!1#H'B&.+!"L58FYIRUI:TJM0H,*#R#-,&(PS^HA7O>]5,_UL6'(F.P!
M"`$ZA8``#8(0AD[&$(0AMR!"$-EUK!"&UN2UK?TH5.G]\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J=
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M'F-CW?R&<4,G?J%3H\QL>[^0SBAD[]0J=/T'(F/QB"`$ZAPQC%8(0AD[((0A
M"OR!"$-EU[W%>]^2UK42ITF-!#,C?I[//R9*/P1=18\P_]+WBXY_3V!_DR+_
M`((AHL^98O*.7,<86CB:6Y/E2&),*U^9HP@5JR5RPYQD#^IZJUM3
YN
M"L[FF'&6))'9.D(.4FW`G(.-`3RP/[B<"7!*#`YGQ@:7"DK.LE8R9O'3PL2:
M0W2`8#%]R7`=B_K9K@G+26MRB4G*"BR["&8`(A23,.5L8RF0BB49R'"I#)PL
M#?*_H+))V9U=1QIV2MZ]N?BD2%8>>>TJT#PB4`/!81?5UR4WEYBD@1@
?\
MD0_G/'/_`'"B]%A,Z(4"@4"@4"@4"@HG*^J+37@D)M\TY_PSB@PHKI;I,A9,
MAT2<#0WM>X;)FU[>$3@L-,Y/N`**&,=_L#:]Z+4SXAU;9:_R'OB\Q?=4E9\O
M2_,KPD&(H;-B'&
W_`+U2X7Z>VE!6
M^;K5KFT99&C'XD-3N1FMR!835D'+%W&`Q(//M<1`U1C;$WB)&`.+Y!6Y90G^
MSEY+BM]M+_B_6/GV?/H?\E74<"X3E.C_`$(,JCEL/H`-,ZEH&\RY?W2^7]QC
M>-S&2*]N6QC8(-^=>UR1V!R,G^(W+]_^B#JPS'_YW5[\NNJ?(5EA/(MAF+QN
MT%B*(T?WS0(D[C-'F-J`"-Y.4P,>1"&$(;7#]T/(K^GVCX]5@P[_`!KOC58%
MOU"9),^9D5F&A.6'Y*S"I(/`D-BU!5@E`CS
M2W!+#8I8:'DMR?=-';^@K\M9N=K0H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%
M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H(9D;]/9Y^3)1^
M"+J+'F'_T_>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE2NJ_`K[J%@,3B\9DT
2'J)GV?4[P]IYDF9LUMD3FA.05/3N,K4
M-K5&G60R,2=S4++60HTA0O\`B=81T?$87D<85IL@J)!%8<$YZ8V13'34+^.=
MNV,H=BR1O+M*0R58D715:R1*ZE$R%M:>S
GF;60>&ZFUQVL%,7R`O8'+>]N?<0DG
M4
_<:A@ZCD+>B&?\?X-3&J\T:F=.&)B"2@G"%D94V0P8@&6M
]K7'GX=7F8/G[^/O$HU"-+J<8LM/"7G]*TX?P+D:3`%S;6N7U>3O
M$WC4$6=->][!Z%V,YMP_?YMKAO>6U])TUV;_`)R-769U?-T??%[J(S6PJ1#`
MCF,U@\BQDP$A.`9U!2O
R>>"P^:;]VXJ6?6(\RDHGG_)
M4U(`WQG2'H38%G-&6O
Q
MMG?,+ID)P&I57Y>E5N#+!,EP&*.1I]Q"N,"AO,)YPN=8%KV#>RC[R[1<1Z0<
M18#+(!A3$6F7%AJ2_VG*#S#1?[17J
MLS-^6P/4
_<:A@ZCD+>B&<
M!O?N-0P=1R%O1#.`WOW&H8.HY"WHAG`;W[C4,'4
_<:A@ZCD+>B&_<:A@ZCD+>B
M&_<:A@ZCD+>B&:]71DKK@+"->B5D<
MVPB!
L48DFH7+K%"F:8NRQCCJII
MT^YKR,8M
2@M*S0Q@8U$E>7U:F#/1.!:=N8TAB@PNQ-SK!
M!>W,YWW:'%8Z;=38
K?,1HFT\^?-29,W(W=0>NC9>3KN2
U"L76&=RQFZ
M&8%0M#IG/4CISPNV2!6H0,+CEA6U8Z0O:Y&2!0K1-"N89?9T[DK2IS`F&%DB
M&,`!6$*UK7M>AY\0L)>YR-J8%LK=,B8U;8NVLZF0N,D7Q9>C8$#`C1#
%&32VY*SI6XL2@Q2,P)("0W&(5@VO>AQQ(O(G6;MHGF%Y1Q5+V<*DU$)UB\
M?4O[:%80`HPY()
&PPWO;[;4..66YR,YU-8B
R
M`W$
-U)"$`31"-;PY-NK+"$L817O<%N0-[7_I>AQE^HY"WHAG`;W[C4
M,'4
_<:A@ZCD+>B&H/R2`HH%KW_J*]K4,,
6+[!
M6M>AQ$V#*C++)H_8WBV>\#27(D5*7'R>!,!:1YFD<):UR1K

M7FK4)`F[*&%,R8MR3CUW6N[>URZ,0U^6,J]8Q.2EG=B4BH60BNFZDY(S2A"#
M:X;B!?FWO;DO0G'F%68VUD8@R_GG(VF+&^H/&LISMB1)(EV1<>),69%2.,82
M120LL4D)RIQ
X`&""(B_A
2S*
AY3K&>063*^/89DN-I']!'YU'&J4,J25,+E%I
M&0V/"4M8B`]1UX)3.K*X=`:&YB=06`XJ]^00;7^RB/MD;]/9Y^3)1^"+J+'F
M'__4]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F5`:Q,T9`PACN&/F-D,85R&69@Q[C\\Z3)Q/
MEFMDD:U8:\.3'`T,GB,DR2]E)&VY=FEG6?4BTAA[@`HXI":4(1%JZ#JOR`Y2
MA?'6:*8X-02J):4I#A^7)I-,G6/.*+4FLS$D%)Y\!RA4.=8^@;U&+!)VMJ)(
M&>X*%*,LY:E.7B(;Q3DX`U?O^:Y/$25,#:X]&9JG-:F].E>G1UE33)&?$6-\
MN.[\XDJ&-K0J<:O*'(Y*1H<0V),/+^FK+A$!Z+(0"8IL7GG(9=.9&T12,M10LB1<`!N#X^K$+8C"8.]@AZ0T/.%?DMRWH0ZSL
MP?/K\7&(1+$G[AA90>D=C;W9L/PJ6S4*FY=QAL%'*;M39`%%S1@O8/([VM?[
M!7O8-["O+A?I[::8M'^0[*]0[JZ1[0/\;VI?4FO;1DD.+N\J4D8:HT):(0&]
M9)0P1FRJUM:94(L7,LM=6X([!OR&6Y+\BU^E>95](]8GSDY;=3HRLD7QQ?'I
M98Z796\>3
:S5-]9?^1$WNR=,,T,KQKA'+\)@4:3
/1LI"/A0^$["\=C>2\J35!E=BFIQBN+9'SYJ@;6R
M,S-?:YBE8L9G*#/&,(C+1FBN(PT/-6`O;EN*U_MO2H/M[-VL29(^$C3T).5A
MS*_QF8O<6PT-@.D8RGII:90!4EN$`35LDM(]I%:XFY5K=*H4F'6N'[1
7FBY%GUG2WA,3'F&M
M2GY=OC01C="EFLW"B50RK;-[BD4OZHA<4LZ90G&24@-;PK%G0')AA-$2`P)-
M^3GW#S@\JX/K.G!8OF$^-*3S:*8ZC>K?';],)P]LD
B78Z3K$IMK7^T!I8!AO]
ME[6O4N%^OMIM5I/UYZ4M<*>
.#8\3,%@L>Y0A"-N-E0I`%C`D5
MY%A413OHE5XNNZ3Z>)5U;H@]-T?2D])4F)CRH?+WR^Z$\%Y9DV&,CY"R"US*
M%NEV26#:\!YTDS$RN@"PG&I;O4
BY>>'F\[[W-EK]9;4)M=.+%^3,+XQ;,?:
MB7-7G:$0?($.F23`F0[8Y:F'(#8I=V,J=S%2U)F^"/:9$FY5Z!RL0K;QF``>
M``Q
6K[I\R&$$":QZ33!\AKV;
K0Z4)H?BS4;C15$6]D<'0C/6$9;B2R
MFSZ:X%$)&17(2KM[\M1#;1]:`C..L189=[BO88;WJ3%-8O\`U8V3^/;Y8/\`
M[$
SC=EA*.[B_
MNTAG;6>U,[5TW2JU`R+@*)`(5N=R
/R9XDPCGG/QITA;
MF#873I"FB>9`)`XIG!3=^.8WJ4Q!&"/-]T%BU)]E=QEFGE6L6*PKW#4C+1C_
M`-4][_B^^6#_`.V;'OOM4XM?_4-N=,&HJ<:A&^7+IKI
<6(C]*O_?\`:RW$`CXY\1FJ14G4<\+5>397T\0]4>/E$639V1+I
MTK/8P#/MR#$/I+`+^_\`>MR
,1R?Z.5#]<.F4L)2>Q-[*OJ1[U)#;J#C%')
S:^$NWR+2?*F-I3*XOI0Q=IY>XPPN>3,3.2O)4XU)P>3*X
M@:-_C#1DV,O:/"\H*:9R(NQ:T#244>VA&&P>EYIUZF.M'M1>4?G-RC'?H.FS
M2AA'2T]-LL)4&SR8:D<<9N72>,)4SVF,;D<84XT;V5B`ZJ%*)2(XX1JI/=*(
MH-A!.$($RL?7YEN=I;DVOV:1Q^AVKS$6-<-.2+'#:TLV6L79:;
X"ON7O4RO^
M9\X:P)],_P`SCQJL8M5KU+])C?U#FE)<$':K=9ZW!\?0K(FIA#@H+Q&WXY(@
MSC*?H:XU2)0(8DQKS8*RP0#"&X62_6J=FNN/2+"=8F$G2!R6)1N72N.A
$P1#D:[&Y,[,MFY^"YUC^;N\8L6Y&`5)"EOWBQ7$`-C0@&&I$U+3D
MC&7S0`@J?%P'[XI&Z"EQ4B!V0$P#5V]&HXB6T@C_`%`!<@R4L+=1%,H>BY%@
MS.GY/]4=[BN*IE?\_P!;1Z`-+DHTI8GE<+FL
U;A+BES8LL:LL<$L:,28NP+7*$(5A)FU69JTM:VGS4%-<
MOZ>M0>EC$C+(!L1C*"4Z.V:>930F(H-'8F\F/V529JP/,A&X'-!MB+C+!=,V
M"(1?>+(#>\6)BLQ*4X;PO\D[)DV)OV
\S4HUM6
M(T31>8+LCO)T82I7!44M$I3)CCAB2V(YO,-&(+)/U^(;,ZCX#GC)&.PQS3KJ
M#0Z:,@?7D"XS)#AAZ.YO*NPD)'$EP82H9*'^.-1:A>J4IS@+1'C$1U;F=&,)
M@N2I%?,-&;Z0/E!2W":W?,*N5G<[FF$RG0+IK

M:.ZL95@\ZURA7N$0)U;C\NR#%$>R#%,=1&.Y5R*FRWD1H:2TDMR0CA;=CI+,
M'8)IHC'
:(7&.M=URHQM;0K(KDLL#P<6@.++/4'6#<8RK"``'.%RS+5^N
ME]Z:&'Y!&*6OY6K7(>E7(&/S8[8R,JL)P#)D'G*.8W
=R"*^6EB5/\N3+*54OOI(^,
M!SGYP32''(\
U`8LB>2,?R!6ZX,Q+GN;Q&,2UVQ9#LNL,9<6!=-ALIIK.R"?9&P2($1
M0R9W0I$JU>2G,$23R&"`9T=@U4AUW2'4'\F$HB#Y!Y9\->.)1"I%&W**2:'*
M]?\`A1Q9)%%W=K.:'F-*6!VP^2S+FIV:5!B4:-28!*:29
IQ:C]-G
MM`L<>8?B>11IPT(L'Q^H$DY7+6K$T9R!B?(+5)K.#,RW6SH*W$)QS"VJ5BA/
M9$80HY%0K(@CO]P0*J3_`.VU0RV4SZ;M8DTSIB_XD\KYEGSJD3W>]56(Y'C(
MU^E=Y5'VPE[0I8M)YTTOYPD`RBV]3SR"2K!3W&"_1VMRSB^8K[(;DA_Q[\A,
MYP]C75M\46N%C8FN2.J6)9,D;FGAD?QJX2=`G+=G:1/V%L[L4J;H\X)F4DE4
M=<*HL%[`#T=^??E%U[0[)M8\TC4,T^SL,QQCJ'RY%IDWFX\D$.TMQ*5S#,
M1[1-$BMG<5S"BA+BU2=K2I$9H^G<$B@HU'8=AV%:_)>JD>76+ITUS::M)T"/
MQC%='?RP0B-JG]PE*:V:=+^H6?/KFY.B9"C
C*:T_*G$<604
M(WE+#>XS+U%F)GYAO/IGQ)`9G/%6MZ#Y!UBM!.:VA_,5X*S3.IZPXY95![R4
MVF.PM/DN*"7"9"C%'.:@$&Q5BT:@8@`Y%%Q7J3/PT(UEZX/CXR[)4F/\H:P=
M?.E*3X?DTV8E(-/,
73'F()*S3MC:G",BLUJA#N65TQXT
MX[@4#N*+$3'Q#=C&VMK1;\AA.1M..&,PY'=WQZQE(G21FQ_'FH+!\E98<-
7M%OQ.XWQYB_
M).3
0K6]6
M_%'XKES8.%QI

M/&&?Q7`D>EV1XK*'EQFC>3"H^O;6*3RU_)2Q1V:U:XHYNA2%0,LTE09:R2UB
MP6N(015(F8\-1)W\P_P[99ALFQED#5'CF5PB=LRZ+2J-/4.RN%I?&-Y)$B<&
MQR%>#)[`1*TYMP&7N8"U@WO>XK6^VI<+]?;3;/0M/="TFQ:YQ/0*\8J5XG@3
MYU1W9L2)#4;"R2-[2@7EFI4QASLZIR+'&GCN8:=>W.&*XN6]5)OY55D;4
M?\5.C+4#,'*?R'2W@#4S+683A/905`HW%\LRICF2]'(#SI7,V"*@D+^BD;HS
MIUIX5:PZRA2E*-,M
'M8@1VN2C&`Y2-.5?D%T0>;<)7M'PWBSAD7
M"F+<:OTMU"RB!0_$Y0F]LDKQDU4TI(7RO"].WMJ%W&^6NUF!<'(\HHLLVU[#
M-$&UK
2;ZGL],X>[)'R.//T9X<
M(^[?3G1"8:E5?3GQI4I#N:*_,/(&"_VAO59\>5'2/7IH9A\A?HC+M9^D^+2N
M+/+I')/&)'J*Q`R2&.2%D7'MCTPOS*YS%*Y-#RT.24U.J2J"BSTYY8BS`A$&
M]K%J=)9C#5OI2S=)!PW"^IO3WEV7E-BIZ-BF,,T8WGTD+9D)J8A:[#8HI)'9
MT`V(SUI(#3[E=$6,T%A"M<0>45,?#82B(9D;]/9Y^3)1^"+J+'F'_]7WBXY_
M3V!_DR+_`((AHL^9?V=XZ@64&$,7R1#8S.XV!V97T+#+&5O?FCZQ'7-,\LCC
M=O
;TC8[G
!]+R\GV\[EYW^WEJ5"_;VVV0Q-HJTC8(4/:O#>FW"^-E,D)0IGX^)X^C;
M48[$-@U)K>4M$0@M
)%
M*)*YJWE_?77%\75.3NZKS1'K%ZY2-!SSU*DX=Q#%?[;WO2C[3MD$/QR_'TVH
M^HI-#6D*R>Z8M&;T^G##ZP]4F*-)/`6N5K(>>K7\AZ
/NC;2%*(K&X+)=*NFZ10B&\_9"'/N#<8NT5BO2`$69LW'E\74-#'TA8
MKA%U4DKE#>]K_90N=L0UZ%M$;&FNB9='.E=H1W-&?=(UZ>\2-Z:YP[!",ZY"
M2(E%7-&$`;7%R
X!]0V$P3AJ%?5NJ?5=DL80B-_4^H=9ZC]0^C,:/KG4NNG
M=%TG.Z/I1\WDYPN47.W`.TO:9U#J4^J-.V"SWL@D28EY.Q)`#74E..YPAD%.
M`X^)662,2@R]PV'8-[F"^S[U^47.V4(T]8"3'$J4V#L/IU"
W+:B7.TG48PQJK*Z%5CR#*2;C*,N4HB3`<
M5
[APSA=D[C1;G9Y

MD5X\@RI(J)-3*DJF),!Z=2G/`(HX@\DUO$6<2<6*X1!%:X1!O>U[
:$PT"-K)"8,(?LM>]KWM:A<[<-RP
M3A!Z577/&&\5.RT0`%B6.6/(BO5"++MR%EW4*F@TVX`6O]EN7DM_LH7.V,_;
M?IWZTW+O(7"_76AP3NS2L\K8/UIK=$MAV2N3
PRW$6,)2QJAD&*6:10&*/;4H,3&@4)C#VYS:52,T:<\
ML(P7$"]P##:]N2]N6A<[5O\`LNT=?_2=IH_Z$XM\*T+G:RX_A;#D3:$D?BN)
ML9QEA;^L=09(_!(LS-"+K2HY:JZHVMS4F1)NLK%)AQG,`'GFF"'?E$*][BYV
M@+CH_P!)3PX+W=WTN:=71U=%JIQ
A<[9>*Z8--,%=/KD)T\8,ASUU
=!#,C?I[//R9*/P1=18\P_];W
MBXY_3V!_DR+_`((AHL^93.B-1]<6'I9G33A.\>PAB;I+)G%(8I:F)TD:*,IU
MZU.A7EHK%K'J-S"*+%:5<>4>2F>&X]`:85:_2HSPD+DQ8\JLT\Z8,JXRR-&)
M3+_*Y,-DC+<@>I5CT2EL7/S.3B+'6/FK"J6+`AS$W->,,?R>(+'AM$2I3IND
M&G,(;$AJM<`D3+;3)3ZZ)$"=*GADD=""ICC>X'%"JAY:)3>\[BIMPD@
X.0=Q"2;4/?IS,^W8]\>4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU
M#WZ
4.L`IG
CNDM?[PA7!>WV6%0K^L_M0]^G,
MS[=CWQY0Z;4/?IS,^W8]\>4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#W
MZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ<
MS/MV/?'E#IM0]^G,S[=CWQY0Z;4/?IS,^W8]\>4.FU#WZ
4.FU#WZ
^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV
M['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9
M]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTY
MF?;L>^/*'6`B<[DCU%HT\+,=2P2MVC[,YJA)E<`+3B4+VY,J/N06;/+F`)N8
M;?FV%]ZP>2U_MH5_6?VH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['O
MCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ
M[X\H=-J'OTYF?;L>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRATVH>_3F9]NQ[X\H=-J'OTYF?;
ML>^/*'3:A[].9GV['OCRAU@95.9&SQB1NZ7'DK*5-;"\.*8U6K@1J4L]"WJ%
M))BDM/.A'F)P&%6N,(+7'+:WV\E"OZM&B(9D;]/9Y^3)1^"+J+'F'_U_>+
MCG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE,Z(4'6!F[63.<)YTR"TK#&B91>),\E=V/$L/31A1.
M'IBC.GEURBI52%.]2MCR-&URV
:8F/%1[U(
MU(W!BNS,QAQPRS!);@.$Q7RS#]K(R:RSV;H$N.UST%JN)O0X10024ON:H
%V/'28SM4VN(6:/N!R9,A$-()2J0KDQE2FU6E;*#SFO
M31@++
1$'&7IVR"
M1ATB$;:XHV)<[0'%\)=)_,5LB5Y"Q0%+%ID):_F2:(F-3HJ*ZPQN'4@A`IC5
M72U<3?(*/*4R7Q='AP2LU!'F%U,C4%R?&I]ED"AXP]AG+PG=3`26MB84^,C$
M^8"VMOD=I".SBO1VM9&4%0'HQ,5\J?GNMK-;6RR)8B?,21Z[7(X_M(:Z)&IE
M.Q*H6@SN!PPE)5LSR0@CSUEXT.-6(:0DPQN-5GNP[62DIE:`TL5#MHCSE]98
M&-XZ)<1]59VQRZ!T;S6AS)Z\B(5=$XM)XA'-BXOI>0Y..]Q$F6N"]^4-5EF*
M!0*!0*!0*!0*#B+U`TB%:J+`(PQ,D4J`%A(5JA#&22,P(`ID!"I
2Q9
M)1AH_P"@`B%>UKATMMOR7SK'$.,<)JPQG.;W]3@J5Y=89+\:0G&K(ZR-DG3K
M((]$\DHY9+FYZ=CE$."5'HI)&Z,2\KK(`NHN8
D1I@'FIA*VQ
622#8@R!+8@KC;?)F./*5;.XS$#B.*MJNYA)-G*0C;"C#DC0WEFB./
M4G")1)2P7.5GIT@#CRPZX8;\D3LVN\`@SQ#!9.M(WAX;3
19$PHOR+&
M<;M211M#$&-5.HK+D>8,+8Y9I,@Q.]R":3^4DE8Q
0$+3CPPMN?,?1#(\VQ1B>
M>1&57F[J)*GU`J6(N3,U@`<4`65N76`I,L8C--$U#?VB%`H%`H%`H%`H%!K%
MJQR=)\48V:Y)&I+%H<6IF34TR.3RI8PM)+1&SFI]<%9C*^394V8R9)&L7-J9
M,D.E"Y`T&W/$G":)>>B(.+#2)E^3YR2G*8^^8E3+US!C>#R);+WJ=QG&)4B>
M9,V8X4J)1L")5D17',-A5S[JUI.@>9*@Z^E&2G$J37"MJ6M+P=]84C>L<8UE
MC6VQC$[3-)U(XQ),X2M2FR/IYB[3&09G1(Y*P3%+(<8*YC&\@RC%K6D87!02
MS%+T
F%DL\)6X*QINK0@,4&"8J'9C1"@4"@4"@4"
M@4"@T>UJYUF^#F>&ND6ED.A[
@
MNJQQ/$N9[R)LDCDF)_X1?D)6GIBPH0CY-A'OLXCY^)8Q$KQ6>I((DD&5\VM&
M,65%SG&:-ILCRX@4PV12G"S6\`AHU[*6J0N@W%N/L:(9`PA+-EK7]6#+-9$^
M/28:?([`%6.4\_A2&9H8IE9B)42#*TB=%&)!(<.XT5LTS;^J2P;+D1Q-Z=2D
M.475--S`H1HTRV]5*\LCIPSUE'/&&
8T1+:RL3
M8@9FAN36N%.@:VM*4B;T1%A"$*Q*5(0`L-KWO?FAM]M!DZ!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!08.1QIAE[0
2>#[?L&
M7;EY;?909R@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@P;U&F&1&L1[VUIG(V,OB>2L(U(1"$UO
MR5&O;T[HEYH@\U22B
+
MCG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE,Z(4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@K)@0R%^2N+B=/).BO
MM1,T!"-"@@]DB5$SR]\:$"
_469
M=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=A
MQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]
MX$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$
MH&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&
MS#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#
MWZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZ
MBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS
M+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L
M./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./
MO`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`
ME`V8>_469=AQ]X$H&S#WZBS+L./O`E!I=HGU>R#4ED;6CBZ01DIK,TE:C'_"
M2"4W=DZY?/&Y,>YK$3XYMR%@86UC5IDA1:>Y)`30CL#GW%SKWHLQ5.P.B%`H
M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H(9D;]/9Y^3)1^"+J+'F'_TO>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE,
MZ(4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@AD#_Y(N_.>1O^X4HHLIG1&CVNS#FL+-..X@PZ
M,]2[5I@G;5-`N\IESM%4,M)D$2LQNR,4<+1+VAY+3&B>%253TMBPBY"+AYW)
M?DN6*^8=6W["OG=_ETAG_1:.^!:F=M7Z?D_85\[O\ND,_P"BT=\"TSLOT_)^
MPKYW?Y=(9_T6CO@6F=E^GY=Y,&;,L03`$/9I6[HLQ9SAN'H^V25^YZ:+MV4\
ML1Z%)$KP[])=*0CCJ*;S!&8=R]"`I(!5R\RP0
0,GI,J8[918SB3=F"4QF*)WA;D=EE;AEU0)L%F=$X9">"B7!&"7*Y
M0Z)R$=BTXT1L6XG+[O.(?D#RBSMDKCDP4Q60Q?-
.ZO,<
M.;Q%XXWLL/6Q1I>L>Y!B3&U)3E?2&JBANW/3W`:X.@PV*GF(-6$ETZX10II2
MV&:CL<+
B5"<`2S@D62]6N(-Q7,O8-2:^(1[4GA+6ODF=-3YIOUS1
M_3+!TD30M+K`W72C",ZJ':5D/#ZL72X$MDN0(HN;B5[0N0H[-P$XRB1(+G6,
MN)0((!%?,)#IBQ'JWQDNEY^IG6&R:HT+ND9BHB@:--<0P&*'*T9SB-X5GJXQ
M-I:9)0O1*A.`)9P2+)>K7$&XKF7L$37Q#':R\&O>;HS"T31%P3($9?'5S,83
MG+'H4@UZ]F.:FAQ71W*\"GD)>V]M4J!#//)LTR)N*N(YI<"S;FIU(B6BSCHN
MU62B19N-F3;B1:7G2(8ZBF1GA(J,?6Q0MQQ(L=I(FJ@S=-S'EW?(4HQO$C0R
M%NFEW!1M&5SV_GI'5T%>-7'6WTLT?MT?TORK!,+)<96@DT]C
65L288@K=
M<#7+(C(%K+"X"]8EDV!F2/##$B!&L)T>);G
M/NL7*E9U9O+7@K2+J,L
MFCEGMDQJXGLHL7+
80]KDB:Z
M9!'55E(2.KIB)$_E)(MQ\.RO"44D\'Q5"XI,G`IQD3,UC3K1$+U+NF;B3%JI
M2VQU*\K4R)<]I(JU'D-A2X\DH]:6D">8`(S!!M65IT"@4%(Z@H3FS(&.E,=P
M!G-OT[Y$,=FM6FR0YXH8\SI4S2E-&)T:+PB0R",MQXW4H0064W56&GYO*$(N
M6BQ7S";XU9)M&H!#F#)$Y3Y-GS/'FQOF&0DD40P5-,Y`E2EE.
L;+S.7;6;3_4&_F=/U?J'TX7,Z3K`^86:^(
O)5$!)4B)IU].FB[5F_K,M!D35B16IR[@%#AR<.J
M5V7/;5<;9C*$,;&7`A30]TE;Q'%$AB`OKJ::FNMBE`2CVFQ?U:1&K(LS#
)JZ@%L?'NQ_U4WHG-0O*%.^(]6#,U(&[";?$\),I$977A&/XA+T:B`X
MR
:XH0%
MB^G9!RG/X^]RY)'I.W,LGBPY<='E
,*:]I4&-QV9S0IT9V";X+R(_O\=R9:-+9.5"[:1'.7PE
MJ2,\78Q!4"DF+LAJQJ30M3
I++#?)61
MI>9&Z278T93$FD3N4P1
Y+D#M($&;M8,[:L?.SEBYJB<-C6;\GY;?V!TA#RS8Y89
M\KEZV'S8`@)G:3#3E."H15U2"P2UJ2+$Q\N6KPUKS?((!%*LA*UCT0A;(HY,
M$8R$SL"1_8;H,RM:ER3R%;#'0\#C9_4P!T7*7`A2K5,[8Y([`.-6*B5HN&):
M,$_()"F=%'(KDYG-C$2@1\396
P$#:5R/(62%[$G)
M.,"G/9H*R".-2V5*#+,E^NGW=L1?(XOA*GJV5T+7*&MDCC(B:P//U=&\L=\O
MZA7>0`3G(WJ"O.W1>,U&,$EG5=(`F]&U.90%1AZM6H6"X=G<&32M%"H>CG;B
MB=YPDBT?33)V;BBR&]SE9#2D*D+B@))2("B42UW`<84$)!(0@%:UBP6^[:LI
M30*#HZ^)3_\`D_\`,A__`'[D?_Z-UJ1\M>WCU=XM5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!
M#,C?I[//R9*/P1=18\P__]/WBXY_3V!_DR+_`((AHL^93.B%`H%`H%`H%`H%
M`H%`H%`H.NS4+FO77@N3MT7TV?'VDU>PUV+D4I
G[4]J7,S+%H%YH8\RS]/:'
M=L6"6(MJ<>.RY$J^EK5-B>D4)F\T_DYX2`A_H@]JQ$2[DZK)0*!0*!0*!0*!
M0*!0*"&9&_3V>?DR4?@BZBQYA__4]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F4SHA0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!00S(WZ>SS\F2C\$746/
M,/_5]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F4SHA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!00S(WZ>SS\F2C\$746/,/_6]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/
MF4SHA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!00S(WZ>
MSS\F2C\$746/,/_7]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F4SHA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!00S(WZ>SS\F2C\$746/,/_0]XN.?T]@
M?Y,B_P""(:+/F4SHA0:?Y!UJ8SQ]+T\$5Q++#O*5.3`8T2MR*!KFD#TH*96!
M[=Y)"E\N/C;=DEC9BI(G3B(CAKJ[+5I2HA$C5#1*[$EIG'+6!B!K3SA0I)R$
M$S'L_D>/Y&V&8UF*.0%*(7`HQDR:2M-&7%J12(^!QJ&2Q*L$ZW2A(<0#*^FV
M6]<;^N"F=0:H,4NC;DMV;ESF
N2)H\SRR+0)<]LLJD,*DDG7,D
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M.CBRI^+`P!*(:WCZ@:D6"6.,D3-Y!5Q`5&N5[I;%=-R`$*2>'YQPQD.0JXE`
M
E+LO5,A]DY84ERU0@W+(&8:$PL!&,GVHW!>,F-+(9IE.%-#:Y0UWR"R"^
MOMRM1(H
V.;
MMYTXU(3,C(P2![)5R]D2N#,V2FS-:/"=&L]8!Q1*W@^1MQ"=,,JR@U2O3$A!
M
W')BV=I=G)F)E@%J%:L1!B;
M\I9U8VQ<8866O(2G&%6N$DWF$IRHKGC"
3$+'Q2A1-BY2J/1-*56G&H/L#H2@JB.<*W3D\\5.D09M6&G1V;>N&9FQ
MBTN":%1N?OL<7Y$@JE_B\>E;)$I`S'/Z9CD;PC)&L;)XRF%"(/4$*0.Z$Q.8
M<4M2F'%J7%B&KK3G-&0A];\M0="0>QO\KZF[2F.IW$B(1QY=6=;+U)"=U5EI
MXL?9F4+"%PAV(,;@"4\ZQ0#!`%2L]7E&%E0GS#;GIO?HF-S3-*=X:G5E`W+%
M2F5DPR]T;J[N;4S*"2GTVY=A!4_^8YO(GZ88RP#(A9.J'3:J"(:3/>'U@`2%
M'%+F(LB1186*1KK*KIF@LQ,ZF@-5CZ@IL*P;WL6)(HL.X;ISK%EJ=.#&M5&!
MI'`8]D8S(\9C3#(8LP2P*>6/+4R.K,CD<*@>0$+:^I#%QI2%\+B^3V`\Q*$P
MP7*[)0@N.YY7.%(Y"]:&F^9H&]R#E*%1E*_/A[!$MK)O`VM3-%2=:B;QJ8L@
M3RE>N<&\:AT1W`:(LKI"ER8T-KE*"1C%2LUKSW@Y[03AU:,QXO<6S&=KCR,X
MI9Y%S4,")LH=$EE,Q5!=.@C20Q2R+0`.6")*,$D.L$5^B'S24C9^J/`("SCT
MN6<>N*5M6IDTE6)YS#4B6')5#,_OPW:5&O#^UV:V]"W1A:)3:W2*4_5S+C*L
M$DX19:EDVO4CI^?$*AT9\TXQ=&Q)U:ZIQ0S6/J4"8"RTO&G//6%+A)RDQA6/
MWTSI1"L6$IF6F7%8"8X0"4BTJUAZ8H=$UTT=\VX]-9$43E\V#9HD;<]N;A'H
M*WO[G)530SM9ZIR
-">$L(KDF6"6ITD"'4_IQ
L1%-\S5NZ&(*3,@1@%I2K85C(W/),=+NY6->;MR^3-9
M)MTX3+!,=$0>7E6)K&BITYS1J,P@[P;%.1A9+B;)%,W,T??<7K)4[HXLIEJ*
M3H6M>S@;6]^-0+AK#BGI(`9%R[&%'J"RAVL88`(A4J]<]:.`&/3H5JBD$P31
MW%CBS3%\C1[ZM8FM\F*>'$2=<:CBS:K>2RG-Y?&J)*EB%%<\M5T')UD"<83@
M%"INDR'J6Q"6QEO!DL8RU!LU)QZ4Q#E,*"[F2M0H<.@:RS12>S&-2>TM*IP`
M59;
'=G9,R8_47;94SPM`Y[81D;/*Y"]L4?
MD"1%#UR=W/"_A+0REOL8,L-@6$L(N&X@'DC,%2XTYUI:7(#CV=9,
?DR4?@BZBQYA__1]XN.?T]@?Y,B_P""(:+/F4SH
MA0:"YZ;,!ZM5P,2R.39L+;(--#XU-D47Q9E/RMEZA>_,<.>8(^S9VQBZXP7K
MB'QQ2E?4FIR*?&`%E9J=:C(LX#HOA;$PTUXER"IE[F=(9"WN64IB\2!X=XU(
MFA,O
59.<<5H9"YF))GAYZ:GIA3.+6F;<5X9S\]Y.-
.%R=A(;F:/RF8M$B6@
MLH.
6FEV+GA[.:MCQ^6
MIJ?/SGF*MF)$SRF=5J^>/KSL_(#L;KW=V&N6Y'>%"=Q
6ER:/JN02A&KD1ZZ^1X\\6>C(4\K5B7)DZRID1QC9$M
"19%^J2!E3DPQT.#'97`V*6ND?E
MZ2"1^*9-68BD\8;&1]4",?Q!5KU22577*G5;94)F?EGU>D73/CB-M9[U,7:.
MP5O
Y2*(L\0FLKE+X_,H95)TB>.($293("\I.4?*2-'TME+1NR
6MA2
MO9JA*5$R%N7FF`KU:AQ2+E#W]25IY&6:*RTQ2+J%AF\S[!FBYI$WK1GA&4QW
M#<6.?)2!CQ)CI#A^.A:WN-E.\DAT892X\6RN
V\A#>+ZL5'5[(4]6#
M=,[%K$8`)0"Y4,WP[1H%&QOK5J;?DBB$O:]!CB1DR6#$J<;2N7O#-D&?3R,I
M%./;L[@U92=HZ%Z=7%Z1NT2NG&H-0@1HACM:+
%LF2L3NI:[.=U5EJEN$42K,4]30B35
M+G"4XXT[13'$V=
8^EQW;$!\HE*[%[6B@+=#8R>)C+5PQNQW*=I6
M!K;I`0S%NKHV)B$#6V`LXB5J0M[67SCC%)JA0:+^?E7J31+BQJDD;ET?DN3(
MW(([BUAPB)Q9)(UISGS$K1)Y5+W.#N]U$=57*12UZE//<%J'J3L59O2=15HA
M!/$>+19M^/C#;.!J+:Y7E5&3&VG'Y$13@D$:.(B
%3IBIM-`9R=&7
NY'UP=^HG@(*1=62%=6$+E8$IT58+FTFF
W/$I"(H7*M+_&YI
MZNQIHZ`R3-K6-@F\;D),6;<70`
U4E`Y/+:E%(!R7+^0,VR`
MM?9C8V@I,2ZS')CH`8484MBT(BRBNC$7TEQ
RM;(SE/*,AL!*0W
M,9V_'\-*7F2R:8/FRY2L8X!!(E%0+$RO3U&TA9R=O(,-2%'B4B/5'B4V%RF*
MW27CI9`,78VN^3=/&\6XO7802V(<6"ZZ88<>6^'-4DQQ,SU$:/*4,DF00!H+
M6*6XMM=;A1\A2LJQI]C1;BS71]C&;XFC6'5+S.F./1B*RZ!$.\=>FM)*'&!Y
M!85D:G

MQ2P)/JK>4CE0@H1FB=[J5:TY2H^TLY)]`>%9,U#:Q/>26,2C$*#`RYT89"SI
MG5?B
(OB66
M3J61&2R\@S(DLM*I&Q';'EQPZX;3-3=K`WMD/;3SAJ7V;J'%8]*3E$J
I
M4G7.4CJ3-M>8U\85G`Z*9&GF4W6^:EV'Y!$LBRH)+U)%FW4N:
6)46?*7[?S#9?35HR8]/
Y(H)+),7G'=2+)`H/5'`
M&H-J3-M=X+\4&,80A-1@F(W@Q%%II'8PX/3%(),XL3S(W##2QGR@%3/,BS2Z
M++#25B49:MT9;,:59]3OU=&@`G"6;*7[,DN^+R%NDJD3^XSAI.;Y`X1,*YH+
MQ8Q%G29@B
)Y=AK;@R%+$IA+E#L7PTC)2
M8].P%D',USFXUQ+4%*EXV]+4O">9%T!HLDGY52NN2Q,T8R0H<74^.0Z*NL!(
M?WY?E>%Y;+<
!+I%+G6\0PSAN(-S--Y+*YL[2-PPVVS:&N:M-!
MSERJY9Q#:NL\=93@L"+;-(_BBQFEC4TC1DR-7DR6\^,;G%[8Y#+7%N=Y?C'(
M^.VV>K]NLBRM"+*#.HR4J
"NZ]QL1+
MT\?9W:[ZFLIC,#:63(,%9EV><^9Y:6?#&04;L!1BQ.%QSJ-D>>KH59;TPM1:
M6Y:8!YE@U+6#I7T+0G2^_J9(U.;<^.!D;''&U.2RR8"*-$F.ABI29%ED^R%E
M"5LJ=V0EIP+DH'024Y4`TXL!)9@4Q(F;1@[04L
WE]4C)!`STYHMV"-I
M;F4D`!W5H5R^QJFYBEM;E#4D$2-4<-&6!$J='DX!I"(199H[J!6.-"(P(2PB
ML4`CG4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4
M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4$,R-^GL\_)DH_!%U%CS#__T_>+CG]/
M8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE,Z(4%=I\N8M53]5BI+D2%J,E(2A&K((1)&DV5)>8W)7DP
MD]D`J$O*5E,JXA:,@0+'`1'E*!!L28`8@L2@X*US0-PT(%RHI,-S7%MB`)E[
MVNJ7FDGJ"TI7):_*:,A*8*W+R6Y`7H."9)HZ2\K(\<]MA+XWL94F7-9JP@M8
MCCIZI8A)>U)(QA$0V&*V\\NQPN0'/)';E^[>@B:?,6*%
%*9@ZHDK
M@UQY/)&DYS
D5T!!:H5UARMD/+7%%%W$:8A&%0$-R;V'0?-?FG#C4?
M-DKIEG&;:IQH!N,R.G7SN+(S\?EO%R;-!DV)4.I9D4`Z74E]6NOL18_I`\SG
M
0J'4N[7&'"ZT
MFQ"\_F)#>F!S#+\X/**G3\R;-F'89$X_/)9E/'L=A$KZC>+R]WF#`AC4C*<6
M\UW2*6-[/7@;75$8R$&KQ'D)+;R350Q!3E&&!%..Z9UPRRG3E,Z91@J13C
M./(I9D!*9)6L2J'QIR0IW1`]OZ8M2,]O;E;:L(4`,&&P1$J"1_\`A.*N,5*1
M0+)$"RBRFR+'
=2^`X]-W3&[[E>&M$Z9
M$9CB[QAP=`)71M;RF\YT,7K2C0A`G160)S#.E$*P+V!>UK\ZU[46I7E1%8`S
M5B(SJW,R5"AW69/6X52A#(FRXU&76WK]U^-2B^L<\
+$')TQIJ).YK$QAJ8M<
MM3IKG
@"4*PKBY+VH.4^YFQ-%XFFG
],CTWHW9G>&E8F<6IV:G%,6L;W)M<$9AR1>WKTAP#23BAC+-+'8
M0;W#>UZ#(4"@X*!S0.@%(V]44J`C7+&Q4(J][V)7MYPDZQ*/EM;_`%4YX;A%
M_LY;4'%=I`R,1C.2\NJ%L-D#P1'V,M:H+3C=7M2E6+D[4A"9>UU"XY&WGFA+
M#RBN`H5_Z6O09B@C+],XG%W*),\CD;,QND]D!L5A;>Z."9$KE$D(8'N4G,;&
M2>8`;@YEQV-KUERB["'T"0P7)R!H.-#<@0G(:-P<(-*F.6(6EP3M3FK87!.X
MD(7)6Q,LG3(51B<8PDJ3X](T"T(+_;=,K*'_`.$=KW#DJYG%4$=*EJY_;$4:
M.&WEE/:M2!,WB,=G%,T-A?6#N8&PU[HL*3E6O]HS3`AM]M[4&8)=&Q2O7-2=
MQ0GNC84C/
49
MIH0V^V]J#,4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"
M@4$,R-^GL\_)DH_!%U%CS#__U/>+CG]/8'^3(O\`@B&BSYE,Z(4&ESYIER*N
M19*A+#EJ-QK&TV>\P35J,+QH>Z90:)GF5DER1U`OG1\W3%*8]'I#,EBQ(-N1
MM+T)JZLS%KTJ5*8:L+<::W@T&S,^>/FTCE$%6,T\*Q^8WL\$B2J,F-`B,CY\
ME61<.:?VQ5E$I%B6,RZ)R5C8'X]RNN2OC8YK""/IQ(0D(XML<3H,RT_0!?.)
MADM6/4-*L4MB>0R!&D3I9DUSD]OU%*9$VQZ4-\H*:F0Q5?*\2:^F1*B4AMX"
MWGFFF6+3&)A?\PPV-OCZE$U8)))\G-D5Q9(I"_1LN)P1#%6DQ/BR",F5F:02
MZ*LC7'LF9%B[&UY-QTA
.I1'IR7&8=/7!
8S(8LSR
MYB9'HJ
FV,-T3:
0A
MQ6PEY"_H
5N+;(<;9DQWDUA)4.*XX
MX+>9(W!&L1\B-;8\P)"],+RHE/\`'7D`*[+HW#44%V1YAQJLQY.%5\?"8I-.
M5!"1E:X1,7][C4O:4D4D..(NS`8T0(PB:$2]N+(-5DB7)$BHB4OV_C>B-8E(
MQRD>8MC,2UF99@WS!]E,UE4PG.2LBFY)4MD*B\/?U
HD4
M:+Q4HDN.7B`,
.`Y&0D&VEN89.Y#/).-4'B/+>;5QC[XY'J#-
M0F869TZM`Y9&?)9)D+'#'*--#O&E,:PXYQ>+MS
QPZ&N43B&,&N,9(RU+I_#,7L@Y6\FQB+Y!BN0T3,K+LH$$ZR`X
M0BP(U!+
2J3/O06)!
$;E'QX/D@6O@V[-JZ)H'?*&4
KS>-8Q=&^+HSKAN0'J9JCH[64#*H7_!^T"SQ=$I_'XEE>!8
MM49<@3;CR:$XS@.4X5&8DCC*K(#A%Y'BQEC&H%D<6U<
Z,4C7
M*"U*I-:Y2LER%I#)]"\K?)E#),VY5BS40SYHR!EJ6]>Q8D?9')RI?J(*RHFC
MZ28#D3;(F,!F(R@8^7F%*!$J6`%TXB!HS+H["TGT^Z+9!AM4J4OF=9O+#P%-
MAK4Z(^1M>2EHG5K*EZ5S5/)LE(7L,NA^.84WG)P%DFDF,ZLTLT(EPN8+_B@7
MWXM^FQC`H#&
FU7@F1.4PE&5\DMKJX*L<+8.)^C+%.
Q03E,HPQ9,B34P'D'%G-`H.UC+&44D170J/MY3E'\?4P73F;/F0,T
M,<_ADYGZB8O,)68R(8P.H&^)ZEH_%CI8K:)*6U321)5&=&02M>N;KJ#T\&:B
M;#Z(E*4CJ7_$4;?C:R,5,B):[ZF7%W,.@4UAKB!?')2:YIU4O:,I-ZYW99&U
M9*CTB;POJW(B14[EEJBCEQC"GN,^YMD1[7%O^+@>=%LT>=)T8T\>:[*TR:-.
M>1G-KF<:@2"),S`5,X_E=DCS3&HM%%;(E:4T'!D9.%.<0(@9X6[GV`0(VP2J
MEYMD&/1@[0[)PIE$Y9!PQ%MDQTA@,%D,&?7#R@L6I&[G$XB>F>=,%H4=D!W6
M'DR\5TBPIY;K`)L67<:NZH6F.H73#+\ZRN+3)+EQQ@3CC"/-"_&[4QQ^,N+"
MJR>@R%%
5\1^OXNBY129E6,KGU(+HF,6C(7C+H1*'071.;%\+
MSC#SU,FF2-L[S=@O)[UUF-&V:'**XK2:
6=0Z*27=LR`S8/6HE(3A"
M2B2/5R3R#RP&!.%YMJDIT"Y=>LG)H0]*DR_&B5%'G1[RZ[H$!A\D:V6*X\80
M8B0@39;5RZ\9"_1QQ>"FY7'$S>B<7-:N)<1GJAD&Q;6*J^-)T1R9]D4-R5!X
ML>XSAMDS(:/$R=\41=ICV0LRO4$:$"5QDEX^I'BG'.16V/14TQ#8Z/D-IOTP
MU`$PFQ"C[+?U0:(G34*^261MV2D$1=713C[Z99SAUI8ALQQ*/Y%:WF)/"0][
M;>M1R0/\Q:WZY)(BK!=XTWGBL(X@@XBI$U\*:DWQN9"?VG)+.7J);TZ.:Y%B
M^0`IU>,AO5I&L96K*R%<'*CH]S5REF03CE624!Z.Z]S4!;#HJWW1V3%!3)F\
M7_%N!T*+;J&E=?+;JC>5DNE+EDJ5-C8J+E\^C1L@CD^QHD4R5Q>W-W*D.,LB
M0-G4HU2LYP*&V'.B*Y=K+QF!%_Q3T9^,^6LT.@\1=\W123)XGD`Z7\]ZQ4_J
MD37<,CPA(]H(*SDY:1M\1R(^*<0.07!SL%38P,S<1&@4G7
;<0;8['8(KV_K:U[\G^^]
M%FKE,>O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#.
M/'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO
M#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%
MNO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>
MR%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P
M=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[
_;FA@Z]D+=>&<>/?MS
M0P=>R%NO#./'OVYH8.O9"W7AG'CW[






XML

15

R11.xml

IDEA: Note 6 - Income Taxes









1.0.0.3


false


Note 6 - Income Taxes








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 6 - Income Taxes


1


us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 6 &#x2013; Income
Taxes</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The provision
for income taxes for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009,
consisted of the following (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="72%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,162</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,942</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,219</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(155</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,955</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,787</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,304</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">279</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">112</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(113</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">166</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">128</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">358</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">277</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">103</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(199</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(131</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">87</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income
taxes</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,280</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,061</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The foreign
provision for income taxes is based on foreign pretax earnings of
$4.4 billion, $3.5 billion and $2.2 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27,
2008, $17.4 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, of the
Company&#x2019;s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in U.S.
dollar-denominated holdings. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries
are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to
the U.S. The Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
provide for any related tax liability on amounts that may be
repatriated, aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the
Company&#x2019;s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be
indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. U.S. income
taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total of $5.1 billion
of such earnings. It is not practicable to determine the income tax
liability that might be incurred if these earnings were to be
distributed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
assets and liabilities reflect the effects of tax losses, credits,
and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between
the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are
measured using enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the
significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets
and liabilities were (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="82%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued liabilities and
other reserves</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,133</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,295</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basis of capital assets and
investments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">180</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accounts receivable and
inventory reserves</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">172</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">126</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">683</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">550</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total deferred tax
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,168</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,144</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less valuation
allowance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets, net of
valuation allowance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,168</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,144</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax liabilities -
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,778</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,234</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net deferred tax
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,390</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">910</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (35% in
2009, 2008 and 2007) to income before provision for income taxes
for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="72%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Computed expected
tax</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,795</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,414</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,753</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State taxes, net of federal
effect</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">228</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">140</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Indefinitely invested
earnings of foreign subsidiaries</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(658</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(492</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(297</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Nondeductible executive
compensation</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and development
credit, net</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(21</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(54</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income
taxes</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,280</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,061</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Effective tax
rate</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s income taxes payable have been reduced by the tax
benefits from employee stock plan awards. For stock options, the
Company receives an income tax benefit calculated as the difference
between the fair market value of the stock issued at the time of
the exercise and the option price, tax effected.&#xA0;The Company
had net tax benefits from employee stock plan awards of $246
million, $770 million and $398 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively, which were reflected as increases to common
stock.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On
October&#xA0;3, 2008, the Tax Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax
Relief Act of 2008 was signed into law. This bill, among other
things, retroactively extended the expired research and development
tax credit. As a result, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $42
million in the first quarter of 2009 to account for the retroactive
effects of the research credit extension.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Uncertain Tax
Positions</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As discussed in
Note 1, &#x201C;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&#x201D;
the Company adopted new accounting principles on accounting for
uncertain tax positions in 2008. Under these new principles, tax
positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company first
determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold it is then measured to
determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial
statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Upon adoption of these new principles,
the Company&#x2019;s cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principle resulted in an increase to retained earnings of $11
million. The Company had historically classified interest and
penalties and unrecognized tax benefits as current liabilities.
Beginning with the adoption of these new principles, the Company
classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax
benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of
cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits
as of the date of adoption was $475&#xA0;million, of which $209
million, if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective
tax rate.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s total gross unrecognized tax benefits are
classified as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009, the total amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits was $971 million, of which $307 million,
if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate.
As of September&#xA0;27, 2008, the total amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits was $506 million, of which $253 million,
if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective tax
rate.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On May&#xA0;27,
2009, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
issued its ruling in the case of <i>Xilinx,&#xA0;Inc. v.
Commissioner</i>, holding that stock-based compensation is required
to be included in certain transfer pricing arrangements between a
U.S. company and its offshore subsidiary.&#xA0;As a result of the
ruling in this case, the Company increased its liability for
unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $86 million and
decreased shareholders&#x2019; equity by approximately $78 million
in the year ended September&#xA0;26, 2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The aggregate
changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which
excludes interest and penalties, for the two years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="92%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;30, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">475</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during the current period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
settlements with taxing authorities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
expiration of statute of limitations</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(11</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">506</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">341</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to tax
positions taken during a prior period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(24</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax
positions taken during the current period</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">151</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
settlements with taxing authorities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Decreases related to
expiration of statute of limitations</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">971</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s policy to include interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes did
not change as a result of adopting the new accounting principles on
accounting for uncertain tax positions in 2008. As of the date of
adoption, the Company had accrued $203 million for the gross
interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the total
amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $291 million and
$219 million, respectively, which is classified as non-current
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2009 and 2008,
the Company recognized interest expense in connection with tax
matters of $64 million and $16 million, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S.
federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, all years prior to 2002 are
closed. The years 2002-2003 have been examined by the Internal
Revenue Service (the &#x201C;IRS&#x201D;) and disputed issues have
been taken to administrative appeals. The IRS is currently
examining the 2004-2006 years. In addition, the Company is also
subject to audits by state, local and foreign tax
authorities.&#xA0;In major states and major foreign jurisdictions,
the years subsequent to 1988 and 2000, respectively, generally
remain open and could be subject to examination by the taxing
authorities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Management
believes that an adequate provision has been made for any
adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the
outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any
issues addressed in the Company&#x2019;s tax audits are resolved in
a manner not consistent with management&#x2019;s expectations, the
Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in
the period such resolution occurs. Although timing of the
resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain, the
Company believes it is reasonably possible that tax audit
resolutions could reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by between
$105 million and $145 million in the next
12&#xA0;months.</font></p>
</div>


Note 6 &#x2013; Income
Taxes

The provision
for income taxes for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009,
consisted of the following (in




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

16

R10.xml

IDEA: Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets









1.0.0.3


false


Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


1


us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 5 &#x2013; Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite
lives over periods ranging from one to ten years. The following
table summarizes the components of gross and net intangible asset
balances as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="40%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="9" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="9" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Accumulated<br />
Amortization</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Net<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Accumulated<br />
Amortization</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Net<br />
Carrying<br />
Amount</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Definite lived and
amortizable acquired technology</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;323</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;147</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;308</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(123</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;185</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Indefinite lived and
unamortizable trademarks</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total acquired intangible
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">247</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">408</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(123</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">285</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Goodwill</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">206</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">206</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">207</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In 2008, the
Company completed an acquisition of a business for total cash
consideration, net of cash acquired, of $220 million, of which $169
million has been allocated to goodwill, $51 million to deferred tax
assets and $7 million to acquired intangible assets.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s goodwill is allocated primarily to the
America&#x2019;s reportable operating segment. Amortization expense
related to acquired intangible assets was $53 million, $46 million
and $35 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the remaining
weighted-average amortization period for acquired technology was
7.2 years and 7.0 years, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected annual
amortization expense related to acquired technology as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="92%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 20pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Years</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">147</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


Note 5 &#x2013; Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets

The Company is
currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite
lives over periods




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

17

R8.xml

IDEA: Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements









1.0.0.3


false


Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements


1


us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 3 &#x2013; Fair
Value Measurements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. When
determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities,
which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the
Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or
assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and
credit risk.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
that is available and significant to the fair value
measurement:</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 1</i>
&#x2013; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 2</i>
&#x2013; Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Level 3</i>
&#x2013; Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically
reflect management&#x2019;s estimates of assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value
of money market funds and certain marketable equity securities were
derived from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair
value of all other financial instruments, all of which have
counterparties with high credit ratings, were valued based on
quoted market prices or model driven valuations using significant
inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market
data.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Assets/Liabilities
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table presents the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis as of September&#xA0;26, 2009
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="60%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices<br />
in Active<br />
Markets for<br />
Identical<br />
Instruments<br />
(Level 1)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Other<br />
Observable<br />
Inputs<br />
(Level 2)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Unobservable<br />
Inputs</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level
3)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total
(a)</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketable equity
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets measured at
fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;1,669</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,282</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,951</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Liabilities:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total liabilities measured
at fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also
represent the related carrying amounts.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as presented in the
Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September&#xA0;26,
2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="57%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices<br />
in Active<br />
Markets for<br />
Identical<br />
Instruments<br />
(Level 1)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Other<br />
Observable<br />
Inputs<br />
(Level 2)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br />
Unobservable<br />
Inputs</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level
3)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total
(a)</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash equivalents</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,124</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Short-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">61</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets measured at
fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;1,669</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,282</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,951</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Liabilities:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total liabilities measured
at fair value</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The total fair value amounts for assets and liabilities also
represent the related carrying amounts.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


Note 3 &#x2013; Fair
Value Measurements

The Company
defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling
an asset or paid to transfer a




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

18

R18.xml

IDEA: Entity Information









1.0.0.3


false


Entity Information (USD $)








false


1










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


2








$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


3








$


false


false










USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0














2


Entity [Text Block]


0


dei_EntityTextBlock


dei


false


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






3


Trading Symbol


1


dei_TradingSymbol


dei


false


na


duration


normalizedstring


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


AAPL


AAPL




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






4


Entity Registrant Name


1


dei_EntityRegistrantName


dei


false


na


duration


normalizedstring


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


APPLE INC


APPLE INC




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






5


Entity Central Index Key


1


dei_EntityCentralIndexKey


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


0000320193


0000320193




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






6


Current Fiscal Year End Date


1


dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate


dei


false


na


duration


monthday


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


--09-26


--09-26




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






7


Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer


1


dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


Yes


Yes




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Entity Current Reporting Status


1


dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


Yes


Yes




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






9


Entity Voluntary Filers


1


dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


No


No




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Entity Filer Category


1


dei_EntityFilerCategory


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


Large Accelerated Filer


Large Accelerated Filer




false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding


1


dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding


dei


false


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


true


900678473


900678473








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Entity Public Float


1


dei_EntityPublicFloat


dei


false


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


true


true


94593000000


94593000000








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


3


11


false


NoRounding


NoRounding


UnKnown


false


true












XML

19

R12.xml

IDEA: Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation









1.0.0.3


false


Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation


1


aapl_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureTextBlock


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Disclosures related to accounts comprising shareholders' equity, including other comprehensive income. Includes: (1) balances...


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 7 &#x2013;
Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and Stock-Based
Compensation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Preferred
Stock</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
five million shares of authorized preferred stock, none of which is
issued or outstanding. Under the terms of the Company&#x2019;s
Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is
authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the Company&#x2019;s authorized but
unissued shares of preferred stock.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive
Income</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Comprehensive
income consists of two components, net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an
element of shareholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net
income. The Company&#x2019;s other comprehensive income consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized
gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of taxes, as of the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="78%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2009&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2008&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2007&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net unrealized gains/losses
on available-for-sale securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;48</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net unrecognized gains on
derivative instruments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cumulative foreign currency
translation</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">59</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accumulated other
comprehensive income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">63</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The change in
fair value of available-for-sale securities included in other
comprehensive income was $118 million, $(63) million and $(7)
million, net of taxes in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The tax
effect related to the change in unrealized gain/loss on
available-for-sale securities was $(78) million, $42 million and $4
million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes activity in other comprehensive income related to
derivatives, net of taxes, held by the Company during the three
years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="77%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2009&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2008&#xA0;</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;2007&#xA0;</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Changes in fair value of
derivatives</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">90</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Adjustment for net
gains/losses realized and included in net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(78</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Change in unrecognized
gains/losses on derivative instruments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;(3)</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The tax effect
related to the changes in fair value of derivatives was $(60)
million, $(5) million and $1 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. The tax effect related to derivative gains/losses
reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income was $54
million, $(9) million and $2 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Employee Benefit
Plans</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>2003 Employee Stock
Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The 2003
Employee Stock Plan (the &#x201C;2003 Plan&#x201D;) is a shareholder
approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to
employees, including executive officers. The 2003 Plan permits the
granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options,
RSUs, stock appreciation rights, stock purchase rights and
performance-based awards. Based on the terms of individual option
grants, options granted under the 2003 Plan generally expire seven
to ten years after the grant date and generally become exercisable
over a period of four years, based on continued employment, with
either annual, semi-annual or quarterly vesting. In general, RSUs
granted under the 2003 Plan vest over two to four years, are
subject to the employees&#x2019; continued employment and do not
have an expiration date. As of September&#xA0;26, 2009,
approximately 37&#xA0;million shares were reserved for future
issuance under the 2003 Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>1997 Employee Stock
Option Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In
August&#xA0;1997, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approved
the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan (the &#x201C;1997 Plan&#x201D;),
a non-shareholder approved plan for grants of stock options to
employees who are not officers of the Company. Based on the terms
of individual option grants, options granted under the 1997 Plan
generally expire seven to ten years after the grant date. All stock
options granted under the 1997 Plan are fully vested. In October
2003, the Company terminated the 1997 Plan, and no new options can
be granted from this plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>1997 Director Stock
Option Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In
August&#xA0;1997, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors adopted a
Director Stock Option Plan (the &#x201C;Director Plan&#x201D;) for
non-employee directors of the Company, which was approved by
shareholders in 1998. Pursuant to the Director Plan, the
Company&#x2019;s non-employee directors are granted an option to
acquire 30,000 shares of common stock upon their initial election
to the Board (&#x201C;Initial Options&#x201D;). The Initial Options
vest and become exercisable in three equal annual installments on
each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. On
the fourth anniversary of a non-employee director&#x2019;s initial
election to the Board and on each subsequent anniversary
thereafter, the director will be entitled to receive an option to
acquire 10,000 shares of common stock (&#x201C;Annual
Options&#x201D;). Annual Options are fully vested and immediately
exercisable on their date of grant. Options granted under the
Director Plan expire ten years after the grant date. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, approximately 240,000 shares were reserved
for future issuance under the Director Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Rule 10b5-1 Trading
Plans</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">As of
October&#xA0;16, 2009, executive officers Timothy D. Cook, Ronald
B. Johnson, Peter Oppenheimer, Philip W. Schiller and Bertrand
Serlet have entered into trading plans pursuant to Rule
10b5-1(c)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the &#x201C;Exchange Act&#x201D;). A trading plan is a written
document that pre-establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or
formula for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future
purchases or sales of the Company&#x2019;s stock including the
exercise and sale of employee stock options and shares acquired
pursuant to the Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan and
upon vesting of RSUs.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock
Purchase Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
a shareholder approved employee stock purchase plan (the
&#x201C;Purchase Plan&#x201D;), under which substantially all
employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a
price equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market values as of the
beginning and end of six-month offering periods. Stock purchases
under the Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of an employee&#x2019;s
compensation, up to a maximum of $25,000 in any calendar year. The
number of shares authorized to be purchased in any calendar year is
limited to a total of 3&#xA0;million shares. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, approximately 4.7&#xA0;million shares were
reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Savings
Plan</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
an employee savings plan (the &#x201C;Savings Plan&#x201D;)
qualifying as a deferred salary arrangement under
Section&#xA0;401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Savings
Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of their
pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution limit ($16,500
for calendar year 2009). The Company matches 50% to 100% of each
employee&#x2019;s contributions, depending on length of service, up
to a maximum 6% of the employee&#x2019;s eligible earnings. The
Company&#x2019;s matching contributions to the Savings Plan were $59
million, $50 million and $39 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Restricted Stock
Units</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Historically,
the Company used equity awards in the form of stock options as one
of the means for recruiting and retaining highly skilled talent. In
conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s 2009 equity compensation
program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs rather than stock
options for eligible employees as the primary type of long-term
equity-based award. A summary of the Company&#x2019;s RSU activity
and related information for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in thousands, except per
share amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="60%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number&#xA0;of<br />
Shares</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Grant&#xA0;Date<br />
Fair Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br />
Intrinsic<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;30, 2006</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,410</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88.51</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(45</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46.57</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">86.14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;29, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,675</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52.98</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,917</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">162.61</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,195</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25.63</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(357</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">119.12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,040</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">134.91</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">111.80</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
vested</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,935</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">124.87</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(628</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">121.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,263</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;122.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,236,305</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The fair value
as of the vesting date of RSUs that vested was $221 million, $320
million and $6 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Upon
vesting, the RSUs are generally net share-settled to cover the
required withholding tax and the remaining amount is converted into
an equivalent number of shares of common stock. The majority of
RSUs vested in 2009, 2008 and 2007, were net-share settled such
that the Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the
employees&#x2019; minimum statutory obligation for the applicable
income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the
appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld were
approximately 707,000, 857,000 and 20,000 for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their
vesting date as determined by the Company&#x2019;s closing stock
price. Total payments for the employees&#x2019; tax obligations to
the taxing authorities were $82 million, $124 million and $3
million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and are reflected as
a financing activity within the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows.&#xA0;These net-share settlements had the effect of share
repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number
of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the
vesting and did not represent an expense to the Company.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option
Activity</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A summary of
the Company&#x2019;s stock option and RSU activity and related
information for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, is
as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts and contractual
term in years):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="49%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Outstanding
Options</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Shares<br />
Available<br />
for&#xA0;Grant</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number<br />
of&#xA0;Shares</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Exercise<br />
Price</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />
Average<br />
Remaining<br />
Contractual</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Term</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Intrinsic</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;30, 2006</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">54,994</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52,982</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">23.23</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Additional shares
authorized</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28,000</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,640</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(14,010)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,010</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">94.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,471</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,471</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55.38</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(15,770</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18.32</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;29, 2007</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,827</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">49,751</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43.91</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(9,834</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(9,359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">171.36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,236</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,236</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">98.40</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13,728</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27.88</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;27, 2008</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">74.39</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(15,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options granted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(234</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">106.84</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,241</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,241</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">122.98</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted stock units
cancelled</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,256</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Options
exercised</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(8,764</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41.78</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Plan shares
expired</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,261</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">34,375</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">81.17</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;3.52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,482,530</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercisable at
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;24,685</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.01</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,006,829</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected to Vest after
September&#xA0;26, 2009</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;133.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">465,321</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Aggregate
intrinsic value represents the value of the Company&#x2019;s closing
stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period in excess
of the weighted-average exercise price multiplied by the number of
options outstanding or exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value
excludes the effect of stock options that have a zero or negative
intrinsic value. Total intrinsic value of options at time of
exercise was $827 million, $2.0 billion and $1.3 billion for 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">RSUs granted
are deducted from the shares available for grant under the
Company&#x2019;s stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times
the number of RSUs granted. Similarly, RSUs cancelled are added
back to the shares available for grant under the Company&#x2019;s
stock option plans utilizing a factor of two times the number of
RSUs cancelled. Outstanding RSU balances are not included in the
outstanding options balances in the stock option activity
table.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based
Compensation</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based
compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the BSM option-pricing model. The BSM option-pricing
model incorporates various assumptions including expected
volatility, expected life and interest rates.&#xA0;The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatility of the
Company&#x2019;s common stock over the most recent period
commensurate with the estimated expected life of the
Company&#x2019;s stock options and other relevant factors including
implied volatility in market traded options on the Company&#x2019;s
common stock. The Company bases its expected life assumption on its
historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock
awards it grants to employees. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
weighted-average assumptions used for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, and the resulting estimates of
weighted-average fair value per share of options granted and of
employee stock purchase plan rights (&#x201C;stock purchase
rights&#x201D;) during those periods are as follows:</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life of stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.54&#xA0;years</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.41&#xA0;years</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.46&#xA0;years</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life of stock
purchase rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6&#xA0;months</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6 months</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6 months</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Interest rate - stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.04%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.40%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.61%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Interest rate - stock
purchase rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;0.58%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.48%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.13%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Volatility - stock
options</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50.98%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;(a)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45.64%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38.13%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Volatility - stock purchase
rights</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52.16%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38.51%</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39.22%</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yields</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="2"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average fair value
of stock options granted during the year</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$46.71</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$62.73</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$31.86</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average fair value
of employee stock purchase plan rights during the year</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$30.62</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$42.27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$20.90</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s 2009 equity
compensation program changes, it began issuing primarily RSUs
rather than stock options to employees, although the Company
continues to grant stock options to non-employee directors.
Accordingly the weighted average expected life of stock options was
influenced by non-employee director stock option grants, which had
a ten-year expected life. The weighted average expected life of
stock options also affects the resulting interest rate and expected
volatility assumptions.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table provides a summary of the stock-based compensation expense
included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three
years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="85%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost of sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">114</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">80</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and
development</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">258</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">185</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">77</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Selling, general and
administrative</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">338</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">251</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">130</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total stock-based
compensation expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">710</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">242</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based
compensation expense capitalized as software development costs was
not significant as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 or September&#xA0;27,
2008. The income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation
expense was $266 million, $169 million and $81 million for 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation
cost related to stock options and RSUs expected to vest was $1.4
billion as of September&#xA0;26, 2009, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.53 years.</font></p>
</div>


Note 7 &#x2013;
Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and Stock-Based
Compensation
Preferred
Stock

The Company has
five million shares of authorized preferred stock,




false


false






Disclosures related to accounts comprising shareholders' equity, including other comprehensive income. Includes: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive income, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; and (5) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements. Disclosure also includes compensation-related costs for share-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of stock compensation, incentive dis
tributions, share-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, and employee stock purchase plan details.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

20

R3.xml

IDEA: Statement Of Income









1.0.0.3


false


Statement Of Income (USD $)


In Millions, except Share data in Thousands






false


1










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


2










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


3










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














5


Net sales


3


us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


36537000000


36537








false


false






2


true


true


32479000000


32479








false


false






3


true


true


24006000000


24006








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






6


Cost of sales


3


us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


23397000000


23397








false


false






2


false


true


21334000000


21334








false


false






3


false


true


15852000000


15852








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






7


Gross margin


3


us-gaap_GrossProfit


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


13140000000


13140








false


false






2


false


true


11145000000


11145








false


false






3


false


true


8154000000


8154








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






8


Operating expenses:


3


us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






9


Research and development


4


us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


1333000000


1333








false


false






2


false


true


1109000000


1109








false


false






3


false


true


782000000


782








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Selling, general and administrative


4


us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


4149000000


4149








false


false






2


false


true


3761000000


3761








false


false






3


false


true


2963000000


2963








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Total operating expenses


4


us-gaap_OperatingExpenses


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


5482000000


5482








false


false






2


false


true


4870000000


4870








false


false






3


false


true


3745000000


3745








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






12


Operating income


3


us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


7658000000


7658








false


false






2


false


true


6275000000


6275








false


false






3


false


true


4409000000


4409








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






13


Other income and expense


3


us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


326000000


326








false


false






2


false


true


620000000


620








false


false






3


false


true


599000000


599








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






14


Income before provision for income taxes


3


us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


7984000000


7984








false


false






2


false


true


6895000000


6895








false


false






3


false


true


5008000000


5008








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






15


Provision for income taxes


3


us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


2280000000


2280








false


false






2


false


true


2061000000


2061








false


false






3


false


true


1512000000


1512








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Net income


3


us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


5704000000


5704








false


false






2


true


true


4834000000


4834








false


false






3


true


true


3496000000


3496








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






17


Earnings per common share:


3


us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






18


Basic


4


us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic


us-gaap


true


na


duration


decimal


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


true






1


true


true


6.39


6.39








false


false






2


true


true


5.48


5.48








false


false






3


true


true


4.04


4.04








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Diluted


4


us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted


us-gaap


true


na


duration


decimal


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


true






1


true


true


6.29


6.29








false


false






2


true


true


5.36


5.36








false


false






3


true


true


3.93


3.93








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






20


Shares used in computing earnings per share:


3


us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






21


Basic


4


us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


893016000


893016








false


false






2


false


true


881592000


881592








false


false






3


false


true


864595000


864595








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






22


Diluted


4


us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


907005000


907005








false


false






2


false


true


902139000


902139








false


false






3


false


true


889292000


889292








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


3


18


false


Millions


Thousands


Hundreds


false


true












XML

21

R14.xml

IDEA: Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data









1.0.0.3


false


Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data


1


us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
</p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 9</b> &#x2013;
<b>Segment Information and Geographic Data</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable
segments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. Accordingly,
the Company determined its operating segments, which are generally
based on the nature and location of its customers, to be the
Americas, Europe, Japan, Asia-Pacific, Retail and FileMaker
operations. The Company&#x2019;s reportable operating segments
consist of Americas, Europe, Japan and Retail operations. Other
operating segments include Asia Pacific, which encompasses
Australia and Asia except for Japan and the Company&#x2019;s
FileMaker, Inc. subsidiary. The Americas, Europe, Japan and Asia
Pacific segments exclude activities related to the Retail segment.
The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The
Europe segment includes European countries, as well as the Middle
East and Africa. The Retail segment operates Apple-owned retail
stores in the U.S. and in international markets. Each reportable
operating segment provides similar hardware and software products
and similar services to the same types of customers. The accounting
policies of the various segments are the same as those described in
Note 1, &#x201C;Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies.&#x201D;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net
sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are
generally based on the location of customers, while Retail segment
net sales are based on sales from the Company&#x2019;s retail
stores. Operating income for each segment includes net sales to
third parties, related cost of sales and operating expenses
directly attributable to the segment. Advertising expenses are
generally included in the geographic segment in which the
expenditures are incurred. Operating income for each segment
excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed
outside the operating segments. Costs excluded from segment
operating income include various corporate expenses, such as
manufacturing costs and variances not included in standard costs,
research and development, corporate marketing expenses, stock-based
compensation expense, income taxes, various nonrecurring charges,
and other separately managed general and administrative costs. The
Company does not include intercompany transfers between segments
for management reporting purposes. Segment assets exclude corporate
assets, such as cash, short-term and long-term investments,
manufacturing and corporate facilities, miscellaneous corporate
infrastructure, goodwill and other acquired intangible assets.
Except for the Retail segment, capital asset purchases for
long-lived assets are not reported to management by segment. Cash
payments for capital asset purchases by the Retail segment were
$369 million, $389 million and $294 million for 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
certain retail stores that have been designed and built to serve as
high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as
vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activities. Because of
their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores
require substantially more investment than the Company&#x2019;s more
typical retail stores. The Company allocates certain operating
expenses associated with its high-profile stores to corporate
marketing expense to reflect the estimated Company-wide benefit.
The allocation of these operating costs to corporate expense is
based on the amount incurred for a high-profile store in excess of
that incurred by a more typical Company retail location. The
Company had opened a total of 11 high-profile stores as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. Expenses allocated to corporate marketing
resulting from the operations of high-profile stores were $65
million, $53 million and $39 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Summary
information by operating segment for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="79%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Americas:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,142</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,573</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,596</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,772</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,051</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,949</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets
(a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,290</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,039</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,497</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Europe:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,365</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,622</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,460</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,913</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,313</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,348</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,994</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,775</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">595</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Japan:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,831</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,509</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,082</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">657</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">440</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">232</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">638</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">302</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">159</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Retail:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,574</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,315</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,115</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,392</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,337</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">875</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion (b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets
(b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,869</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,085</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other Segments
(c):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,625</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,460</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,753</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operating income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">748</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">615</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">388</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation, amortization
and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">953</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">534</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">252</font></td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Americas asset figures do not include fixed assets held in
the U.S. Such fixed assets are not allocated specifically to the
Americas segment and are included in the corporate assets figures
below.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Retail segment depreciation and asset figures reflect the cost
and related depreciation of its retail stores and related
infrastructure.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(c)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other Segments include Asia-Pacific and FileMaker.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A
reconciliation of the Company&#x2019;s segment operating income and
assets to the consolidated financial statements for the three years
ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 is as follows (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="76%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment operating
income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,482</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,756</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,792</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other corporate expenses,
net (a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,114</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,965</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,141</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation
expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(710</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(516</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(242</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total operating
income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,658</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,275</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,409</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,804</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,519</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,588</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43,047</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,053</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21,759</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consolidated
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">53,851</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39,572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,347</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Segment depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">170</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">129</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">109</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">533</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">344</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">208</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consolidated depreciation,
amortization and accretion</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">703</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">473</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">317</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="3%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other corporate expenses include research and development,
corporate marketing expenses, manufacturing costs and variances not
included in standard costs, and other separately managed general
and administrative expenses, including certain corporate expenses
associated with support of the Retail segment.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">No single
customer or single country outside of the U.S. accounted for more
than 10% of net sales in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Net sales and
long-lived assets related to the U.S. and international operations
for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009, are as follows
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S.</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,870</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,469</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,128</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">International</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,010</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,878</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">36,537</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,006</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-lived
assets:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S.</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,698</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,269</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,752</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">International</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">495</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">410</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">260</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total long-lived
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,193</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,679</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,012</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Information
regarding net sales by product for the three years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009, is as follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Desktops (a)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,308</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,603</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,020</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Portables (b)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,472</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,673</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,294</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total Mac net
sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,780</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,276</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,314</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">iPod</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,091</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,153</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,305</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other music related
products and services (c)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,036</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,340</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">iPhone and related products
and services (d)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,754</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,844</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">123</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Peripherals and other
hardware (e)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,470</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,659</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,260</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Software, service and other
net sales (f)</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,406</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,207</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,508</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">36,537</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,479</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,006</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Xserve product
lines.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro product
lines.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(c)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Consists of iTunes Store sales and iPod services, and
Apple-branded and third-party iPod accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(d)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derived from handset sales, carrier agreements, and
Apple-branded and third-party iPhone accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(e)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes sales of displays, wireless connectivity and
networking solutions, and other hardware accessories.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">

<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(f)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Includes sales of Apple-branded operating system and
application software, third-party software, AppleCare and Internet
services.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


Note 9 &#x2013;
Segment Information and Geographic Data

The Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

22

R15.xml

IDEA: Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions









1.0.0.3


false


Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions


1


us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 10 &#x2013; Related
Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
entered into a Reimbursement Agreement with its CEO, Steve Jobs,
for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by Mr.&#xA0;Jobs in the
operation of his private plane when used for Apple business. The
Company recognized a total of approximately $4,000, $871,000 and
$776,000 in expenses pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement during
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. All expenses recognized pursuant
to the Reimbursement Agreement have been included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations.</font></p>
</div>


Note 10 &#x2013; Related
Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions

The Company
entered into a Reimbursement Agreement with its CEO, Steve Jobs,
for




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

23

R4.xml

IDEA: Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income









1.0.0.3


true


Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income (USD $)


In Millions, except Share data in Thousands






false


1








$


true


false






false




false


Common Stock


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


xbrldi


http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi




us-gaap_CommonStockMember


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


explicitMember














Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0










false


2








$


true


false






false




false


Retained Earnings


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


xbrldi


http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi




us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


explicitMember














USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0










false


3








$


true


false






false




false


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


xbrldi


http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi




us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember


us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis


explicitMember














USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0










false


4








$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














6


Beginning Balance at Sep. 30, 2006


3


us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


true


false


false






1


true


true


4355000000


4355








true


false






2


true


true


5607000000


5607








true


false






3


true


true


22000000


22








true


false






4


true


true


9984000000


9984








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






5


Beginning Balance at Sep. 30, 2006


3


us-gaap_SharesIssued


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


true


false


false






1


false


true


855263000


855263








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Components of comprehensive income:


3


us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






9


Net income


4


us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


true


3496000000


3496








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


3496000000


3496








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Change in foreign currency translation


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


51000000


51








true


false






4


false


true


51000000


51








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


-7000000


-7








true


false






4


false


true


-7000000


-7








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


-3000000


-3








true


false






4


false


true


-3000000


-3








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






14


Stock-based compensation


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


251000000


251








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


251000000


251








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






15


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


17066000


17066








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


364000000


364








true


false






2


false


true


-2000000


-2








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


362000000


362








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


398000000


398








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


398000000


398








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






20


Ending Balance at Sep. 29, 2007


3


us-gaap_SharesIssued


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


872329000


872329








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






21


Ending Balance at Sep. 29, 2007


3


us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


5368000000


5368








true


false






2


false


true


9101000000


9101








true


false






3


false


true


63000000


63








true


false






4


false


true


14532000000


14532








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






7


Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle


3


us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfInitialAdoptionOfNewAccountingPrinciple


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


45000000


45








true


false






2


false


true


11000000


11








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


56000000


56








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Components of comprehensive income:


3


us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






9


Net income


4


us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


true


4834000000


4834








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


4834000000


4834








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Change in foreign currency translation


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


-11000000


-11








true


false






4


false


true


-11000000


-11








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


-63000000


-63








true


false






4


false


true


-63000000


-63








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


19000000


19








true


false






4


false


true


19000000


19








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






14


Stock-based compensation


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


513000000


513








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


513000000


513








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






15


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


15888000


15888








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


460000000


460








true


false






2


false


true


-101000000


-101








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


359000000


359








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






17


Issuance of common stock in connection with an asset acquisition


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


109000


109








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






18


Issuance of common stock in connection with an asset acquisition


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


21000000


21








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


21000000


21








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


770000000


770








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


770000000


770








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






20


Ending Balance at Sep. 27, 2008


3


us-gaap_SharesIssued


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


888326000


888326








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






21


Ending Balance at Sep. 27, 2008


3


us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


7177000000


7177








true


false






2


false


true


13845000000


13845








true


false






3


false


true


8000000


8








true


false






4


false


true


21030000000


21030








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Components of comprehensive income:


3


us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






9


Net income


4


us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


true


5704000000


5704








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


5704000000


5704








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Change in foreign currency translation


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


-54000000


-54








true


false






4


false


true


-54000000


-54








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


118000000


118








true


false






4


false


true


118000000


118








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Change in unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax


4


us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


true


12000000


12








true


false






4


false


true


12000000


12








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






14


Stock-based compensation


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


707000000


707








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


707000000


707








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






15


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


na


duration


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


11480000


11480








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes


3


us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


404000000


404








true


false






2


false


true


-11000000


-11








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


393000000


393








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Tax benefit from employee stock plan awards


3


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-78000000


-78








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


true


-78000000


-78








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






20


Ending Balance at Sep. 26, 2009


3


us-gaap_SharesIssued


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


899806000


899806








true


false






2


false


false


0


0








true


false






3


false


false


0


0








true


false






4


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






21


Ending Balance at Sep. 26, 2009


3


us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


true


false


false


false


true


false






1


true


true


8210000000


8210








true


false






2


true


true


19538000000


19538








true


false






3


true


true


84000000


84








true


false






4


true


true


27832000000


27832








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


4


38


false


Millions


Thousands


UnKnown


false


true












XML

24

R16.xml

IDEA: Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)









1.0.0.3


false


Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


1


us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 11 &#x2013; Selected
Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables set forth a summary of the Company&#x2019;s quarterly
financial information for each of the four quarters ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in millions,
except per share amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="52%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fourth&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Third&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Second&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>First&#xA0;Quarter</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><u>2009</u></b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;9,870</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;8,337</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;8,163</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,167</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross margin</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,614</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,023</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,971</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,532</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,665</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,229</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,205</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,605</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Earnings per common
share:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.85</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.38</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.35</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.81</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.82</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.35</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.33</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.78</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><u>2008</u></b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,895</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,464</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,512</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross margin</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,739</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,600</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,474</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,332</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,136</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,072</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,045</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,581</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Earnings per common
share:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.28</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.21</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.81</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.26</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.19</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.76</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic and
diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each of
the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of quarterly basic and
diluted per share information may not equal annual basic and
diluted earnings per share.</font></p>
</div>


Note 11 &#x2013; Selected
Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

The following
tables set forth a summary of the Company&#x2019;s quarterly
financial




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

25

R9.xml

IDEA: Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details









1.0.0.3


false


Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details


1


aapl_DetailsOfCertainBalanceSheetAccountsDisclosureTextBlock


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Disclosure includes additional financial statement details for certain financial statement categories within the consolidated...


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 4 &#x2013;
Consolidated Financial Statement Details</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables show the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statement
details as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other Current
Assets</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="80%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred costs under
subscription accounting - current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;3,703</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;1,931</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vendor non-trade
receivables</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,696</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,282</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventory component
prepayments - current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">309</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">475</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,176</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,134</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other current
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,884</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,822</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property, Plant and
Equipment</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="79%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Land and
buildings</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;955</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;810</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Machinery, equipment and
internal-use software</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,932</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,491</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Office furniture and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">122</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Leasehold
improvements</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,665</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,324</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross property, plant and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,747</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accumulated depreciation
and amortization</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,713</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,292</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net property, plant and
equipment</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;2,954</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;2,455</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other
Assets</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred costs under
subscription accounting - non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,468</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,089</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventory component
prepayments - non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">844</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">208</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets -
non-current</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">259</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">138</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capitalized software
development costs, net</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">106</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">974</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">433</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other
assets</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,651</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,935</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Accrued
Expenses</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Income taxes
payable</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">439</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">502</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued marketing and
distribution</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">359</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">329</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued compensation and
employee benefits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">357</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred margin on
component sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">225</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">681</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued warranty and
related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,786</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,620</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total accrued
expenses</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,376</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Non-Current
Liabilities</i></b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="81%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">966</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">675</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other non-current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,286</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">746</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total other non-current
liabilities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,252</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,421</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>


</div>


Note 4 &#x2013;
Consolidated Financial Statement Details

The following
tables show the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statement
details as of




false


false






Disclosure includes additional financial statement details for certain financial statement categories within the consolidated financial statements.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

26

R6.xml

IDEA: Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies









1.0.0.3


false


Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


1


us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="center"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 1 &#x2013; Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Apple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) design, manufacture, and market personal
computers, mobile communication devices, and portable digital music
and video players and sell a variety of related software,
third-party digital content and applications, services,
peripherals, and networking solutions. The Company sells its
products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores,
its direct sales force, and third-party wholesalers, resellers and
value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of
third-party Macintosh (&#x201C;Mac&#x201D;), iPhone and iPod
compatible products including application software, printers,
storage devices, speakers, headphones, and various other
accessories and supplies through its online and retail stores. The
Company sells to consumer, small and mid-sized business
(&#x201C;SMB&#x201D;), education, enterprise, government and creative
customers.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Basis of Presentation
and Preparation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certain prior
year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current
year&#x2019;s presentation. During the first quarter of 2009, the
Company reclassified $2.4&#xA0;billion of certain fixed-income
securities from short-term marketable securities to long-term
marketable securities in the September&#xA0;27, 2008 Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The reclassification resulted from a change in
accounting presentation for certain investments based on
contractual maturity dates, which more closely reflects the
Company&#x2019;s assessment of the timing of when such securities
will be converted to cash. As a result of this change, marketable
securities with maturities less than 12 months are classified as
short-term and marketable securities with maturities greater than
12 months are classified as long-term. There have been no changes
in the Company&#x2019;s investment policies or practices associated
with this change in accounting presentation. See Note 2,
&#x201C;Financial Instruments&#x201D; of this Form 10-K for
additional information.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends
on the last Saturday of September. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal years
2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on September&#xA0;26,
2009,&#xA0;September&#xA0;27, 2008 and September&#xA0;29, 2007,
respectively, and included 52 weeks each. An additional week is
included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the
Company&#x2019;s fiscal years ended in September and the associated
quarters of those fiscal years.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In May 2009,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;)
established general accounting standards and disclosure for
subsequent events.&#xA0;The Company adopted FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 855,<i>&#xA0;Subsequent
Events</i> (formerly referenced as Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (&#x201C;SFAS&#x201D;) No.&#xA0;165,
<i>Subsequent Events</i>), during the third quarter of 2009. The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date and time
the financial statements were issued on October&#xA0;27,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Cash Equivalents and
Marketable Securities</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company&#x2019;s debt and marketable equity securities have been
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments in
debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the
available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The
Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either
short-term or long-term based on each instrument&#x2019;s underlying
contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the
unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component
of shareholders&#x2019; equity. The cost of securities sold is based
upon the specific identification method.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Derivative Financial
Instruments</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
second quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC 815,
<i>Derivatives and Hedging</i> (formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;161, <i>Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities &#x2013; an amendment of FASB Statement
No.&#xA0;133</i>), which requires additional disclosures about the
Company&#x2019;s objectives and strategies for using derivative
instruments, how the derivative instruments and related hedged
items are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and
related hedged item affect the financial statements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through
earnings.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income in shareholders&#x2019; equity and reclassified into earnings
in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on
the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To
receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly
effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on
hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges,
changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of
an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value
hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well
as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to
the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period.
The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative
instruments during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The net gain or loss on the
effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as
an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of
the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same
manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward
exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company
excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward
carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly,
any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in
current earnings.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Fair Value
Measurements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
820,&#xA0;<i>Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures</i> (formerly
referenced as SFAS No.&#xA0;157, <i>Fair Value Measurements</i>),
which defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair
value and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements.
This new accounting standard does not require any new fair value
measurements. The Company applies fair value accounting for all
financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and
liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair
value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the
fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are
required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the
principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would
transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit
risk.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company adopted FASB ASC
825,&#xA0;<i>Financial Instruments</i> (formerly referenced as SFAS
No.&#xA0;159, <i>The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities &#x2013; Including</i> <i>an amendment of FASB
Statement No.&#xA0;115</i>)<i>,</i> which allows companies to
choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other
items at fair value that are not required to be measured at fair
value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any
eligible financial instruments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Inventories</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out
method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their
market value, provisions are made currently for the difference
between the cost and the market value. The Company&#x2019;s
inventories consist primarily of finished goods for all periods
presented.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Property, Plant and
Equipment</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property, plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use
of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building, up to five years for
equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for
leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to
acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred
subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs
related to internal-use software are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization
expense on property and equipment was $577 million, $363 million
and $249 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Asset Retirement
Obligations</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. The
Company reviews legal obligations associated with the retirement of
long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development and/or normal use of the assets. If it is determined
that a legal obligation exists, the fair value of the liability for
an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which
it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of
the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is
depreciated over the life of the asset. The difference between the
gross expected future cash flow and its present value is accreted
over the life of the related lease as an operating expense. All of
the Company&#x2019;s existing asset retirement obligations are
associated with commitments to return property subject to operating
leases to original condition upon lease termination. The
Company&#x2019;s asset retirement liability was $25 million and $21
million as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible
Assets</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reviews property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable
intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by
comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash
flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and
equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market
value. The Company did not record any material impairments during
2009, 2008 and 2007.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The
Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests
on or about August&#xA0;31 of each year. The Company did not
recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in
2009, 2008 and 2007. The Company established reporting units based
on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing
goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these
reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting
unit.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their
estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with
definite lives over periods ranging from one to ten
years.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Foreign Currency
Translation and Remeasurement</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for
these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate
those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are credited or charged to foreign currency
translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in
shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries that
use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these
remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the
Company&#x2019;s results of operations.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Revenue
Recognition</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net sales
consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software,
digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and
support contracts. For any product within these groups that either
is software, or is considered software-related (e.g., Mac
computers, iPhones and iPod portable digital music and video
players), the Company accounts for such products in accordance with
the specific industry accounting guidance for software and software
related transactions. The Company applies various revenue-related
GAAP for products that are not software or software-related, such
as digital content sold on the iTunes Store and certain Mac, iPhone
and iPod supplies and accessories, which is described
below.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or
determinable, and collection is probable. Product is considered
delivered to the customer once it has been shipped and title and
risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the Company&#x2019;s
product sales, these criteria are met at the time the product is
shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to
education customers in the U.S., and for certain other sales, the
Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product
because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk of loss
on these sales during transit. If at the outset of an arrangement
the Company determines the arrangement fee is not, or is presumed
not to be, fixed or determinable, revenue is deferred and
subsequently recognized as amounts become due and payable and all
other criteria for revenue recognition have been met.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Revenue from
service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably
over the service coverage periods. These contracts typically
include extended phone support, repair services, web-based support
resources, diagnostic tools, and extend the service coverage
offered under the Company&#x2019;s standard limited
warranty.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
sells software and peripheral products obtained from other
companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales
transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for
amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally
recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other
companies based on the gross amount billed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of
software or software-related products in accordance with industry
specific accounting guidance for software and software related
transactions. If a multiple-element arrangement includes
deliverables that are neither software nor software-related, the
Company applies various revenue-related GAAP to determine if those
deliverables constitute separate units of accounting from the
software or software-related deliverables. If the Company can
separate the deliverables, the Company applies the industry
specific accounting guidance to the software and software-related
deliverables and applies other appropriate guidance to the
non-software related deliverables. Revenue on arrangements that
include multiple elements such as hardware, software and services
is allocated to each element based on the relative fair value of
each element. Each element&#x2019;s allocated revenue is recognized
when the revenue recognition criteria for that element have been
met. Fair value is generally determined by vendor specific
objective evidence (&#x201C;VSOE&#x201D;), which is based on the
price charged when each element is sold separately. If the Company
cannot objectively determine the fair value of any undelivered
element included in a multiple-element arrangement, the Company
defers revenue until all elements are delivered and services have
been performed, or until fair value can objectively be determined
for any remaining undelivered elements. When the fair value of a
delivered element has not been established, but fair value exists
for the undelivered elements, the Company uses the residual method
to recognize revenue if the fair value of all undelivered elements
is determinable. Under the residual method, the fair value of the
undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the
arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is
recognized as revenue.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For both iPhone
and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time-to-time
provide future unspecified features and additional software
products free of charge to customers. Accordingly, iPhone handsets
and Apple TV sales are accounted for under subscription accounting
in accordance with GAAP. As such, the revenue and associated cost
of sales are deferred at the time of sale, and are both recognized
on a straight-line basis over the currently estimated 24-month
economic life of these products, with any loss recognized at the
time of sale. Costs incurred by the Company for engineering, sales,
marketing and warranty are expensed as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to
price protection and for customer incentive programs, including
reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and
volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is
accrued as a reduction to revenue in the period the Company has
sold the product and committed to a plan. The Company also records
reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on
the Company&#x2019;s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net
of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental
authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current
liabilities until remitted to the relevant government
authority.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Generally, the
Company does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to
its customers in connection with software sales or the sale of
extended warranty and support contracts. When the Company does
offer specified upgrade rights, the Company defers revenue for the
fair value of the specified upgrade right until the future
obligation is fulfilled or the right to the specified upgrade
expires. A limited number of the Company&#x2019;s software products
are available with maintenance agreements that grant customers
rights to unspecified future upgrades over the maintenance term on
a when and if available basis. Revenue associated with such
maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance
term.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its
assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical
experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit
quality of the Company&#x2019;s customers, current economic
conditions, and other factors that may affect customers&#x2019;
ability to pay.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Shipping
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">For all periods
presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and
handling are classified as revenue, and the Company&#x2019;s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of
sales.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Warranty
Expense</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software
warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The
Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting warranty
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual
experience and changes in future estimates. For products accounted
for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes warranty
expense as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Software Development
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Research and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of
computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are
subject to capitalization beginning when a product&#x2019;s
technological feasibility has been established and ending when a
product is available for general release to customers. In most
instances, the Company&#x2019;s products are released soon after
technological feasibility has been established. Therefore, costs
incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are
usually not significant, and generally most software development
costs have been expensed.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In 2009 and
2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million,
respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X
Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X Snow Leopard&#x201D;),
which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. During 2007,
the Company capitalized $75 million of costs associated with the
development of Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X
Leopard&#x201D;) and iPhone software. The capitalized costs are
being amortized to cost of sales on a straight-line basis over a
three year estimated useful life of the underlying
technology.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total
amortization related to capitalized software development costs was
$25 million, $27 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Advertising
Costs</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $501
million, $486 million and $467 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Stock-Based
Compensation</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
accounts for stock-based payment transactions in which the Company
receives employee services in exchange for (a)&#xA0;equity
instruments of the enterprise or (b)&#xA0;liabilities that are
based on the fair value of the enterprise&#x2019;s equity
instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity
instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock
units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (&#x201C;BSM&#x201D;)
option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit
from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax
benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax
law. In addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of
stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign
tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the
income statement. Further information regarding stock-based
compensation can be found in Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019;
Equity and Stock-Based Compensation.&#x201D;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Income
Taxes</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect
for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized
or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During 2008,
the Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification
(&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 740,<i>&#xA0;Income Taxes</i> (formerly
referenced as FASB Financial Interpretation No.&#xA0;48,
<i>Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#x2013; an</i>
<i>interpretation of FASB Statement No.&#xA0;109)</i>, which
changed the framework for accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in
the financial statements from such positions are then measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon settlement. See Note 6, &#x201C;Income
Taxes&#x201D; for additional information, including the effects of
adoption on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial
statements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Earnings Per Common
Share</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number
of additional shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued.
Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options,
shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and
unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by
application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from
potentially dilutive securities.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
common share for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in
thousands, except net income in millions and per share
amounts):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="67%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Numerator:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,704</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,834</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Denominator:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average shares
outstanding</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">893,016</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">881,592</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">864,595</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Effect of dilutive
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,989</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20,547</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,697</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average shares
diluted</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">907,005</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">902,139</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">889,292</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per common
share</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.39</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.48</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.04</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per common
share</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.29</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.36</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.93</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Potentially
dilutive securities representing 12.6&#xA0;million,
10.3&#xA0;million and 13.7&#xA0;million shares of common stock for
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods
because their effect would have been antidilutive.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Comprehensive
Income</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Comprehensive
income consists of two components, net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue,
expenses, gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as an
element of shareholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net
income. The Company&#x2019;s other comprehensive income consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, unrealized
gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale, and net deferred gains and losses on certain
derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Segment
Information</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable segments.
Information about the Company&#x2019;s products, major customers and
geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also
disclosed.</font></p>
</div>


Note 1 &#x2013; Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Apple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

27

R5.xml

IDEA: Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect









1.0.0.3


false


Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect (USD $)


In Millions






false


1










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


2










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


3










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














5


Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year


3


us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false






1


true


true


11875000000


11875








false


false






2


true


true


9352000000


9352








false


false






3


true


true


6392000000


6392








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






6


Operating Activities:


3


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






7


Net income


4


us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


5704000000


5704








false


false






2


false


true


4834000000


4834








false


false






3


false


true


3496000000


3496








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities:


4


us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






9


Depreciation, amortization and accretion


5


us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


703000000


703








false


false






2


false


true


473000000


473








false


false






3


false


true


317000000


317








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Stock-based compensation expense


5


us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


710000000


710








false


false






2


false


true


516000000


516








false


false






3


false


true


242000000


242








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense


5


us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-519000000


-519








false


false






2


false


true


-368000000


-368








false


false






3


false


true


78000000


78








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment


5


us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


26000000


26








false


false






2


false


true


22000000


22








false


false






3


false


true


12000000


12








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






13


Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


4


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






14


Accounts receivable, net


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-939000000


-939








false


false






2


false


true


-785000000


-785








false


false






3


false


true


-385000000


-385








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






15


Inventories


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


54000000


54








false


false






2


false


true


-163000000


-163








false


false






3


false


true


-76000000


-76








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Other current assets


5


aapl_IncreaseDecreaseOtherCurrentAssets


aapl


false


credit


duration


monetary


The net change during the reporting period in other current assets.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-1050000000


-1050








false


false






2


false


true


-1958000000


-1958








false


false






3


false


true


-1540000000


-1540








false


false






The net change during the reporting period in other current assets.


No authoritative reference available.


false






17


Other assets


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-1346000000


-1346








false


false






2


false


true


-492000000


-492








false


false






3


false


true


81000000


81








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






18


Accounts payable


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


92000000


92








false


false






2


false


true


596000000


596








false


false






3


false


true


1494000000


1494








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Deferred revenue


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


6908000000


6908








false


false






2


false


true


5642000000


5642








false


false






3


false


true


1139000000


1139








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






20


Other liabilities


5


us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-184000000


-184








false


false






2


false


true


1279000000


1279








false


false






3


false


true


612000000


612








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






21


Cash generated by operating activities


4


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


10159000000


10159








false


false






2


false


true


9596000000


9596








false


false






3


false


true


5470000000


5470








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






22


Investing Activities:


3


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






23


Purchases of marketable securities


4


us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecurities


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-46724000000


-46724








false


false






2


false


true


-22965000000


-22965








false


false






3


false


true


-11719000000


-11719








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






24


Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities


4


us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


19790000000


19790








false


false






2


false


true


11804000000


11804








false


false






3


false


true


6483000000


6483








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






25


Proceeds from sales of marketable securities


4


us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


10888000000


10888








false


false






2


false


true


4439000000


4439








false


false






3


false


true


2941000000


2941








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






26


Purchases of other long-term investments


4


us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherInvestments


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-101000000


-101








false


false






2


false


true


-38000000


-38








false


false






3


false


true


-17000000


-17








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






27


Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired


4


us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


0


0








false


false






2


false


true


-220000000


-220








false


false






3


false


true


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






28


Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment


4


us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-1144000000


-1144








false


false






2


false


true


-1091000000


-1091








false


false






3


false


true


-735000000


-735








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






29


Payment for acquisition of intangible assets


4


us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-69000000


-69








false


false






2


false


true


-108000000


-108








false


false






3


false


true


-251000000


-251








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






30


Other


4


us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-74000000


-74








false


false






2


false


true


-10000000


-10








false


false






3


false


true


49000000


49








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






31


Cash used in investing activities


4


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-17434000000


-17434








false


false






2


false


true


-8189000000


-8189








false


false






3


false


true


-3249000000


-3249








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






32


Financing Activities:


3


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






33


Proceeds from issuance of common stock


4


us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


475000000


475








false


false






2


false


true


483000000


483








false


false






3


false


true


365000000


365








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






34


Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation


4


us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


270000000


270








false


false






2


false


true


757000000


757








false


false






3


false


true


377000000


377








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






35


Cash used to net share settle equity awards


4


us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashFlowEffectCashUsedToSettleAwards


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-82000000


-82








false


false






2


false


true


-124000000


-124








false


false






3


false


true


-3000000


-3








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






36


Cash generated by financing activities


4


us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities


us-gaap


true


debit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


663000000


663








false


false






2


false


true


1116000000


1116








false


false






3


false


true


739000000


739








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






37


(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents


3


us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease


us-gaap


true


na


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


-6612000000


-6612








false


false






2


false


true


2523000000


2523








false


false






3


false


true


2960000000


2960








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






38


Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year


3


us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


true


false






1


false


true


5263000000


5263








false


false






2


false


true


11875000000


11875








false


false






3


false


true


9352000000


9352








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






39


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:


3


us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






3


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






40


Cash paid for income taxes, net


4


us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet


us-gaap


true


credit


duration


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


2997000000


2997








false


false






2


true


true


1267000000


1267








false


false






3


true


true


863000000


863








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


3


36


false


Millions


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

28

defnref.xml

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT









No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, and production equipment. Also includes software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






Disclosures related to accounts comprising shareholders' equity, including other comprehensive income. Includes: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive income, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; and (5) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements. Disclosure also includes compensation-related costs for share-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of stock compensation, incentive distribution
s, share-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, and employee stock purchase plan details.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






The net change during the reporting period in other current assets.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






This item includes disclosure on (1) cash and cash equivalents, which may include the types of deposits and money market instruments, applicable carrying amounts, restricted amounts and compensating balance arrangements; (2) available-for-sale securities, which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities; (3) derivative instruments and hedging activities, which include descriptions of risk management strategies, derivatives in hedging activities and nonhedging derivative instruments, the assets, obligations, liabilities, revenues and expenses arising therefrom, and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items; and (4) other financial instruments.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






Disclosure includes additional financial statement details for certain financial statement categories within the consolidated financial statements.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.






No authoritative reference available.


No authoritative reference available.














XML

29

R13.xml

IDEA: Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies









1.0.0.3


false


Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies


1


us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
</p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 8 &#x2013;
Commitments and Contingencies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Lease
Commitments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
leases various equipment and facilities, including retail space,
under noncancelable operating lease arrangements. The Company does
not currently utilize any other off-balance sheet financing
arrangements. The major facility leases are generally for terms of
one to 20 years and generally provide renewal options for terms of
one to five additional years. Leases for retail space are for terms
of five to 20 years, the majority of which are for ten years, and
often contain multi-year renewal options. As of September&#xA0;26,
2009, the Company&#x2019;s total future minimum lease payments under
noncancelable operating leases were $1.9 billion, of which $1.5
billion related to leases for retail space.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Rent expense
under all operating leases, including both cancelable and
noncancelable leases, was $231 million, $207 million and $151
million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Future minimum lease
payments under noncancelable operating leases having remaining
terms in excess of one year as of September&#xA0;26, 2009, are as
follows (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="90%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 20pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Years</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">222</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">228</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">214</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">199</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">825</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total minimum lease
payments</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,922</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Accrued Warranty and
Indemnifications</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on its hardware
products. The basic warranty period for hardware products is
typically one year from the date of purchase by the end-user. The
Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts
used to repair the Company&#x2019;s hardware products. The Company
provides currently for the estimated cost that may be incurred
under its basic limited product warranties at the time related
revenue is recognized. Factors considered in determining
appropriate accruals for product warranty obligations include the
size of the installed base of products subject to warranty
protection, historical and projected warranty claim rates,
historical and projected cost-per-claim, and knowledge of specific
product failures that are outside of the Company&#x2019;s typical
experience. The Company assesses the adequacy of its preexisting
warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on
actual experience and changes in future estimates. For products
accounted for under subscription accounting, the Company recognizes
warranty expense as incurred.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
periodically provides updates to its applications and system
software to maintain the software&#x2019;s compliance with published
specifications. The estimated cost to develop such updates is
accounted for as warranty costs that are recognized at the time
related software revenue is recognized. Factors considered in
determining appropriate accruals related to such updates include
the number of units delivered, the number of updates expected to
occur, and the historical cost and estimated future cost of the
resources necessary to develop these updates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table reconciles changes in the Company&#x2019;s accrued warranties
and related costs for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009
(in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">

<tr>
<td width="75%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Beginning accrued warranty
and related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">230</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">284</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost of warranty
claims</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(294</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(319</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(281</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accruals for product
warranties</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">237</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">356</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">227</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Ending accrued warranty and
related costs</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">210</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">267</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">230</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>

</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and
application software against legal claims that the software
infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other
agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include
indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject
to costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement claim
against the Company or an indemnified third-party. However, the
Company has not been required to make any significant payments
resulting from such an infringement claim asserted against it or an
indemnified third-party and, in the opinion of management, does not
have a potential liability related to unresolved infringement
claims subject to indemnification that would materially adversely
affect its financial condition or operating results. Therefore, the
Company did not record a liability for infringement costs as of
either September&#xA0;26, 2009 or September&#xA0;27,
2008.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and
executive officers. Under these agreements, the Company has agreed
to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by
law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as
directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such
individuals in connection with related legal proceedings. It is not
possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the
Company could be required to make under these agreements due to the
limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique
facts and circumstances involved in each claim. However, the
Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance
coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations, and payments
made under these agreements historically have not materially
adversely affected the Company&#x2019;s financial condition or
operating results.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Concentrations in the
Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Although most
components essential to the Company&#x2019;s business are generally
available from multiple sources, certain key components including
but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain liquid
crystal displays (&#x201C;LCDs&#x201D;), certain optical drives and
application-specific integrated circuits (&#x201C;ASICs&#x201D;) are
currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources,
which subjects the Company to significant supply and pricing risks.
Many of these and other key components that are available from
multiple sources including but not limited to NAND flash memory,
dynamic random access memory (&#x201C;DRAM&#x201D;) and certain LCDs,
are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and significant
commodity pricing fluctuations. In addition, the Company has
entered into certain agreements for the supply of key components
including but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory,
DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no guarantee that
the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on
similar favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwise
obtain favorable pricing in the future. Therefore, the Company
remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and/or
price increases that can materially adversely affect its financial
condition and operating results.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company and
other participants in the personal computer, mobile communication
and consumer electronics industries also compete for various
components with other industries that have experienced increased
demand for their products. In addition, the Company uses some
custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal
computer, mobile communication and consumer electronics industries,
and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom
components available from only one source until the Company has
evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies,
additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new
technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the
suppliers&#x2019; yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has
increased. If the Company&#x2019;s supply of a key single-sourced
component for a new or existing product were delayed or
constrained, if such components were available only at
significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor
delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the
Company&#x2019;s financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. The Company&#x2019;s business and
financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on
the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original
source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an
alternative source. Continued availability of these components at
acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers
decided to concentrate on the production of common components
instead of components customized to meet the Company&#x2019;s
requirements.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Significant
portions of the Company&#x2019;s Mac computers, iPhones, iPods,
logic boards and other assembled products are now manufactured by
outsourcing partners, primarily in various parts of Asia. A
significant concentration of this outsourced manufacturing is
currently performed by only a few of the Company&#x2019;s
outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these
outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced supplier of components
and manufacturing outsourcing for many of the Company&#x2019;s key
products including but not limited to final assembly of
substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s portable Mac computers,
iPhones, iPods and most of the Company&#x2019;s desktop products.
Although the Company works closely with its outsourcing partners on
manufacturing schedules, the Company&#x2019;s operating results
could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable
to meet their production commitments. The Company&#x2019;s purchase
commitments typically cover its requirements for periods ranging
from 30 to 150 days.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Long-Term Supply
Agreements</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
entered into prepaid long-term supply agreements to secure the
supply of certain inventory components. During the first quarter of
2009, a long-term supply agreement with Intel Corporation was
terminated and the remaining prepaid balance of $167 million was
repaid to the Company. During the second and fourth quarters of
2009, the Company made a prepayment of $500&#xA0;million to LG
Display for the purchase of LCD panels and a prepayment of $500
million to Toshiba to purchase NAND flash memory, respectively. As
of September&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company had a total of $1.2 billion
of inventory component prepayments outstanding.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Contingencies</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is
subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims that have
arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not been fully
adjudicated, which are discussed in Part I, Item&#xA0;3 of this
Form 10-K under the heading &#x201C;Legal Proceedings.&#x201D; In the
opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential
liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that
would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect
its financial condition or operating results. However, the results
of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. If the
Company failed to prevail in any of these legal matters or if
several of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in
the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular
reporting period could be materially adversely affected.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Production and
marketing of products in certain states and countries may subject
the Company to environmental, product safety and other regulations
including, in some instances, the requirement to provide customers
the ability to return product at the end of its useful life, and
place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling
with the Company. Such laws and regulations have been passed in
several jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including
various countries within Europe and Asia and certain states and
provinces within North America. Although the Company does not
anticipate any material adverse effects in the future based on the
nature of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there is no
assurance that such existing laws or future laws will not
materially adversely affect the Company&#x2019;s financial condition
or operating results.</font></p>


</div>


Note 8 &#x2013;
Commitments and Contingencies
Lease
Commitments

The Company
leases various equipment and facilities, including retail space,
under




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

30

R1.xml

IDEA: Statement Of Financial Position Classified









1.0.0.3


false


Statement Of Financial Position Classified (USD $)


In Millions






false


1










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


2










$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














6


Current assets:


4


us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






7


Cash and cash equivalents


5


us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


5263000000


5263








false


false






2


true


true


11875000000


11875








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Short-term marketable securities


5


us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


18201000000


18201








false


false






2


false


true


10236000000


10236








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






9


Accounts receivable, less allowances of $52 and $47, respectively


5


us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


3361000000


3361








false


false






2


false


true


2422000000


2422








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






10


Inventories


5


us-gaap_InventoryNet


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


455000000


455








false


false






2


false


true


509000000


509








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






11


Deferred tax assets


5


us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


2101000000


2101








false


false






2


false


true


1447000000


1447








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






12


Other current assets


5


us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


6884000000


6884








false


false






2


false


true


5822000000


5822








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






13


Total current assets


5


us-gaap_AssetsCurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


36265000000


36265








false


false






2


false


true


32311000000


32311








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






14


Long-term marketable securities


4


us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


10528000000


10528








false


false






2


false


true


2379000000


2379








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






15


Property, plant and equipment, net


4


aapl_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndCapitalizedSoftwareNet


aapl


false


debit


instant


monetary


Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others,...


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


2954000000


2954








false


false






2


false


true


2455000000


2455








false


false






Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, and production equipment. Also includes software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.


No authoritative reference available.


false






16


Goodwill


4


us-gaap_Goodwill


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


206000000


206








false


false






2


false


true


207000000


207








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






17


Acquired intangible assets, net


4


us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


247000000


247








false


false






2


false


true


285000000


285








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






18


Other assets


4


us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


3651000000


3651








false


false






2


false


true


1935000000


1935








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






19


Total assets


4


us-gaap_Assets


us-gaap


true


debit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


53851000000


53851








false


false






2


false


true


39572000000


39572








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






21


Current liabilities:


4


us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






22


Accounts payable


5


us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


5601000000


5601








false


false






2


false


true


5520000000


5520








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






23


Accrued expenses


5


us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


3376000000


3376








false


false






2


false


true


3719000000


3719








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






24


Deferred revenue


5


us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


10305000000


10305








false


false






2


false


true


4853000000


4853








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






25


Total current liabilities


5


us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


19282000000


19282








false


false






2


false


true


14092000000


14092








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






26


Deferred revenue - non-current


4


us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


4485000000


4485








false


false






2


false


true


3029000000


3029








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






27


Other non-current liabilities


4


us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


2252000000


2252








false


false






2


false


true


1421000000


1421








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






28


Total liabilities


4


us-gaap_Liabilities


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


26019000000


26019








false


false






2


false


true


18542000000


18542








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






29


Commitments and contingencies


4


us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies2009


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


-


-




false


false






2


false


false


0


0


-


-




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






30


Shareholders' equity:


4


us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract


us-gaap


true


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






2


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






31


Common stock, no par value; 1,800,000,000 shares authorized; 899,805,500 and 888,325,973 shares issued and outstanding, respectively


5


us-gaap_CommonStockValue


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


8210000000


8210








false


false






2


false


true


7177000000


7177








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






32


Retained earnings


5


us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


19538000000


19538








false


false






2


false


true


13845000000


13845








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






33


Accumulated other comprehensive income


5


us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


84000000


84








false


false






2


false


true


8000000


8








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






34


Total shareholders' equity


5


us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


27832000000


27832








false


false






2


false


true


21030000000


21030








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true






35


Total liabilities and shareholders' equity


4


us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


53851000000


53851








false


false






2


true


true


39572000000


39572








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


true








false


2


29


false


Millions


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

31

R2.xml

IDEA: Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical)









1.0.0.3


false


Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical) (USD $)


In Millions, except Share data






false


1








$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0










false


2








$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














5


Accounts receivable, allowances


3


us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent


us-gaap


true


credit


instant


monetary


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


true


true


52000000


52








false


false






2


true


true


47000000


47








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






6


Common stock, no par value


3


us-gaap_CommonStockNoParValue


us-gaap


true


na


instant


decimal


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


true






1


true


true


0


0








false


false






2


true


true


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






7


Common stock, shares authorized


3


us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


1800000000


1800000000.00








false


false






2


false


true


1800000000


1800000000.00








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






8


Common stock, shares issued


3


us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


899805500


899805500.00








false


false






2


false


true


888325973


888325973.00








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






9


Common stock, shares outstanding


3


us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding


us-gaap


true


na


instant


shares


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


true


899805500


899805500.00








false


false






2


false


true


888325973


888325973.00








false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


2


5


false


Millions


NoRounding


UnKnown


false


true












XML

32

FilingSummary.xml

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT









1.0.0.3








true


Sheet


101 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified


Statement Of Financial Position Classified


R1.xml






false


Sheet


102 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical)


Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical)


R2.xml






false


Sheet


103 - Statement - Statement Of Income


Statement Of Income


R3.xml






false


Sheet


104 - Statement - Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income


Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income


R4.xml






false


Sheet


105 - Statement - Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect


Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect


R5.xml






false


Sheet


106 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


R6.xml






false


Sheet


107 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Financial Instruments


Note 2 - Financial Instruments


R7.xml






false


Sheet


108 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements


Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements


R8.xml






false


Sheet


109 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details


Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details


R9.xml






false


Sheet


110 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


R10.xml






false


Sheet


111 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes


Note 6 - Income Taxes


R11.xml






false


Sheet


112 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation


Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation


R12.xml






false


Sheet


113 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies


Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies


R13.xml






false


Sheet


114 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data


Note 9 - Segment Information and Geographic Data


R14.xml






false


Sheet


115 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions


Note 10 - Related Party Transactions and Certain Other Transactions


R15.xml






false


Sheet


116 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


Note 11 - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


R16.xml






false


Sheet


117 - Disclosure - Document Information


Document Information


R17.xml






false


Sheet


118 - Disclosure - Entity Information


Entity Information


R18.xml






false


Book


All Reports


All Reports








1


30


3


0


3


109


false


false






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20080927_0_411810x400328


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20070929_0_411810x410600


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20080927_0_411810x401105


7






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20090926_0


72






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20090926_0_411810x400328


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20070929_0_411810x410600


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20070929_0_411810x400328


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20091016_0


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20090926_0_411810x400328


3






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20090926_0_411810x401105


4






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20080927_0_411810x400328


3






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20090926_0_411810x410600


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20090926_0_411810x410600


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20060930_0_411810x400328


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20080927_0_411810x401105


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20060930_0_411810x410600


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20060930_0_411810x401105


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20090926_0_411810x401105


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20070929_0_411810x401105


4






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20070929_0


49






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20070929_0_411810x400328


3






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20070929_0


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20060930_0


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20080927_0_411810x410600


3






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20070929_0_411810x401105


2






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20090926_0


30






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20080927_0


30






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_p12m_20080927_0


52






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20080927_0_411810x410600


1






eol_PE2035----0910-K0006_STD_Inst_20090328_0


1








true


true












EXCEL

33

Financial_Report.xls

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT


begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
MT,\1X*&Q&N$`````````````````````/@`#`/[_"0`&```````````````"
M`````0``````````$```K@````$```#^____```````````"````________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M_______________________]_____O____W___\$````!0````8````'````
M"`````D````*````"P````P````-````#@````\````0````$0```!(````3
M````%````!4````6````%P```!@````9````&@```!L````<````'0```!X`
M```?````(````"$````B````(P```"0````E````)@```"<````H````*0``
M`"H````K````+````"T````N````+P```#`````Q````,@```#,````T````
M-0```#8````W````.````#D````Z````.P```#P````]````/@```#\```!`
M````00```$(```!#````1````$4```!&````1P```$@```!)````2@```$L`
M``!,````30```$X```!/````4````%$```!2````4P```%0```!5````5@``
M`%<```!8````60```%H```!;````7````%T```!>````7P```&````!A````
M8@```&,```!D````90```&8```!G````:````&D```!J````:P```&P```!M
M````;@```&\```!P````<0```'(```!S````=````'4```!V````=P```'@`
M``!Y````>@```'L```!\````?0```'X```!_````@````%(`;P!O`'0`(`!%
M`&X`=`!R`'D`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````6``4`__________\"````````````````````````````````
M```````````$`!A#5\H!KP```$`!````````5P!O`'(`:P!B`&\`;P!K````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`!(``@#_______________\`````````````````````````````````````
M```````````#````NU4!```````%`%,`=0!M`&T`80!R`'D`20!N`&8`;P!R
M`&T`80!T`&D`;P!N````````````````````````````````````*``"`0$`
M```#````_____P``````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````"```````````4`1`!O`&,`=0!M`&4`;@!T`%,`=0!M`&T`80!R`'D`
M20!N`&8`;P!R`&T`80!T`&D`;P!N```````````````X``(`____________
M____`````````````````````````````````````````````````@```*``
M````````@0```((```"#````A````(4```"&````AP```(@```")````B@``
M`(L```",````C0```(X```"/````D````)$```"2````DP```)0```"5````
ME@```)<```"8````F0```)H```";````G````)T```">````GP```*````"A
M````H@```*,```"D````I0```*8```"G````J````*D```"J````JP```*P`
M``"M````_O____[____^________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M______________________________\)"!````8%`$88S0?!@```!@(``.$`
M`@"P!,$``@```.(```!<`'``!P``
&)R;```!@(`````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````$(``@"P
M!&$!`@```,`!```]`20``0`"``,`!``%``8`!P`(``D`"@`+``P`#0`.``\`
M$``1`!(`G``"``X`&0`"````$@`"````$P`"````KP$"````O`$"````/0`2
M`/``6@!,+(L:.````````0!8`D```@```(T``@```"(``@````X``@`!`+!$T`
M"``D``$B`"0`(@`C`"P`(P`C`#``+@`P`#``7P`I`#L`6P!2`&4`9`!=`%P`
M*``@`"(`)``B`",`+``C`",`,``N`#``,`!<`"``*0`>!'$`*@`V``%?`"@`
M(@`D`"(`*@`@`",`+``C`",`,`!?`"D`.P!?`"@`(@`D`"(`*@`@`%P`*``@
M`",`+``C`",`,`!<`"``*0`[`%\`*``B`"0`(@`J`"``(@`M`"(`7P`I`#L`
M7P`H`"``0`!?`"``*0`>!%\`*0`M``%?`"@`*@`@`",`+``C`",`,`!?`"D`
M.P!?`"@`*@`@`%P`*``@`",`+``C`",`,`!<`"``*0`[`%\`*``J`"``(@`M
M`"(`7P`I`#L`7P`H`"``0`!?`"``*0`>!($`+``^``%?`"@`(@`D`"(`*@`@
M`",`+``C`",`,``N`#``,`!?`"D`.P!?`"@`(@`D`"(`*@`@`%P`*``@`",`
M+``C`",`,``N`#``,`!<`"``*0`[`%\`*``B`"0`(@`J`"``(@`M`"(`/P`_
M`%\`*0`[`%\`*``@`$``7P`@`"D`'@1O`"L`-0`!7P`H`"H`(``C`"P`(P`C
M`#``+@`P`#``7P`I`#L`7P`H`"H`(`!<`"@`(``C`"P`(P`C`#``+@`P`#``
M7``@`"D`.P!?`"@`*@`@`"(`+0`B`#\`/P!?`"D`.P!?`"@`(`!``%\`(``I
M`!X$(P"D``\``20`(P`L`",`(P`P`#L`*``D`",`+``C`",`,``I`!X$'P"E
M``T``2,`+``C`",`,``[`"@`(P`L`",`(P`P`"D`'@0O`*8`%0`!)``C`"P`
M(P`C`#``+@`C`",`.P`H`"0`(P`L`",`(P`P`"X`(P`C`"D`X``4``````#U
M_R```````````````,`@X``4``$```#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``$`
M``#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``(```#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4
M``(```#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@
MX``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0`````````
M`$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0`````
M`````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0`
M`````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R``
M`/0``````````$$@X``4``````#U_R```/0``````````$$@X``4```````!
M`"```````````````,`@X``4``$`*P#U_R```/@``````````$$@X``4``$`
M*0#U_R```/@``````````$$@X``4``$`+`#U_R```/@``````````$$@X``4
M``$`*@#U_R```/@``````````$$@X``4``$`"0#U_R```/@``````````$$@
MX``4``4````!`"````@``````````,`@X``4``4````!`"@``!@`````````
M`,`@X``4``4````!`"H``!@``````````,`@X``4```````!`"@``!``````
M`````,`@X``4````I``!`"````0``````````,`@X``4````I0`!`"````0`
M`````````,`@X``4```````)`"```````````````,`@X``4```````)`"@`
M`!```````````,`@X``4```````)``@``!```````````,`@X``4``8`I0`!
M`"````P``````````,`@X``4``8`I``!`"````P``````````,`@X``4````
MI@`!`"````0``````````,`@DP($``"``/^3`@0`$(`#_Y,"!``1@`;_DP($
M`!*`!/^3`@0`$X`'_Y,"!``4@`7_8`$"````A0!&`'L4`0```!\!4P!T`&$`
M=`!E`&T`90!N`'0`(`!/`&8`(`!&`&D`;@!A`&X`8P!I`&$`;``@`%``;P!S
M`&D`=`!I`&\`;@"%`$8`@!P!````'P$Q`%\`4P!T`&$`=`!E`&T`90!N`'0`
M(`!/`&8`(`!&`&D`;@!A`&X`8P!I`&$`;``@`%``;P!S`&D`=`!I`(4`+@![
M'P$````3`5,`=`!A`'0`90!M`&4`;@!T`"``3P!F`"``20!N`&,`;P!M`&4`
MA0!&`&0E`0```!\!4P!T`&$`=`!E`&T`90!N`'0`(`!/`&8`(`!3`&@`80!R
M`&4`:`!O`&P`9`!E`'(`
`!E`',`A0!&`,Q%`0```!\!3@!O
M`'0`90`@`#<`(``M`"``4P!H`&$`<@!E`&@`;P!L`&0`90!R`',`)P`@`$4`
M<0!U`&D`=`!Y`"``80"%`$8`OT0`@`$D`;@!F`&\`<@!M`&$`=`!I
M`&\`;@",``0``0`!`,$!"`#!`0``5(T!`/P`'R"D````I````#(``5,`=`!A
M`'0`90!M`&4`;@!T`"``3P!F`"``1@!I`&X`80!N`&,`:0!A`&P`(`!0`&\`
M
0`L`"``<`!L`&$`;@!T`"``80!N`&0`(`!E`'$`=0!I`'``
M;0!E`&X`=``L`"``;@!E`'0`"``!1P!O`&\`9`!W`&D`;`!L`!\``4$`8P!Q
M`'4`:0!R`&4`9``@`&D`;@!T`&$`;@!G`&D`8@!L`&4`(`!A`',`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
@!E`&0`.P`@`#@`.0`Y`"P`.``P
M`#4`+``U`#``,``@`&$`;@!D`"``.``X`#@`+``S`#(`-0`L`#D`-P`S`"``
M
0`1``%2
M`&4`=`!A`&D`;@!E`&0`(`!E`&$`<@!N`&D`;@!G`',`)@`!00!C`&,`=0!M
M`'4`;`!A`'0`90!D`"``;P!T`&@`90!R`"``8P!O`&T`<`!R`&4`:`!E`&X`
M
0`J``%4`&\`=`!A`&P`
M(`!L`&D`80!B`&D`;`!I`'0`:0!E`',`(`!A`&X`9``@`',`:`!A`'(`90!H
M`&\`;`!D`&4`<@!S`"<`(`!E`'$`=0!I`'0`>0!"``%3`'0`80!T`&4`;0!E
M`&X`=``@`$\`9@`@`$8`:0!N`&$`;@!C`&D`80!L`"``4`!O`',`:0!T`&D`
M;P!N`"``0P!L`&$`
``%)`&X`(`!-`&D`;`!L
M`&D`;P!N`',`+``@`&4`>`!C`&4`<`!T`"``4P!H`&$`<@!E`"``9`!A`'0`
M80`/``%3`&4`<``N`"``,@`V`"P`(``R`#``,``Y``T`"@`/``%3`&4`<``N
M`"``,@`W`"P`(``R`#``,``X``T`"@`?``%!`&,`8P!O`'4`;@!T`',`(`!R
M`&4`8P!E`&D`=@!A`&(`;`!E`"P`(`!A`&P`;`!O`'<`80!N`&,`90!S`!H`
M`4,`;P!M`&T`;P!N`"``
`!C`&4`<`!T`"``4P!H`&$`<@!E`"``9`!A`'0`
M80`@`&D`;@`@`%0`:`!O`'4`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`*``!20!N`&,`;P!M`&4`(`!B`&4`
M9@!O`'(`90`@`'``<@!O`'8`:0!S`&D`;P!N`"``9@!O`'(`(`!I`&X`8P!O
M`&T`90`@`'0`80!X`&4`
`!E`',`"@`!3@!E`'0`(`!I`&X`8P!O
M`&T`90`:``%%`&$`<@!N`&D`;@!G`',`(`!P`&4`<@`@`&,`;P!M`&T`;P!N
M`"``
0`@`$$`;@!D`"``3P!T`&@`90!R`"``
M0P!O`&T`<`!R`&4`:`!E`&X`
0!E`&4`
M(`!S`'0`;P!C`&L`(`!P`&P`80!N`"``80!W`&$`<@!D`',`'P`!10!N`&0`
M:0!N`&<`(`!"`&$`;`!A`&X`8P!E`"``80!T`"``4P!E`'``+@`@`#(`.0`L
M`"``,@`P`#``-P`S``%#`'4`;0!U`&P`80!T`&D`=@!E`"``90!F`&8`90!C
M`'0`(`!O`&8`(`!C`&@`80!N`&<`90`@`&D`;@`@`&$`8P!C`&\`=0!N`'0`
M:0!N`&<`(`!P`'(`:0!N`&,`:0!P`&P`90!```%)`',`
0`@
M`&\`<`!E`'(`80!T`&D`;@!G`"``80!C`'0`:0!V`&D`=`!I`&4`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
M-``!3`!O`',`
0`L`"``<`!L`&$`;@!T`"``80!N`&0`(`!E
M`'$`=0!I`'``;0!E`&X`=``L``%#`&@`80!N`&<`90!S`"``:0!N`"``;P!P
M`&4`<@!A`'0`:0!N`&<`(`!A`',`
0`@`&\`<`!E`'(`80!T`&D`;@!G`"``80!C`'0`:0!V`&D`=`!I
M`&4`
0!M`&4`;@!T`"``9@!O`'(`(`!A`&,`<0!U
M`&D`
``@`&(`
M90!N`&4`9@!I`'0`
0`@`&$`=P!A`'(`9`!S`"8``4,`80!S`&@`(`!G`&4`
M;@!E`'(`80!T`&4`9``@`&(`>0`@`&8`:0!N`&$`;@!C`&D`;@!G`"``80!C
M`'0`:0!V`&D`=`!I`&4`
0!E`&$`<@`C``%3`'4`<`!P`&P`90!M`&4`;@!T
M`&$`;``@`&,`80!S`&@`(`!F`&P`;P!W`"``9`!I`',`8P!L`&\`
0`@`&\`9@`@`'(`90!L`&$`=`!E
M`&0`(`!S`&\`9@!T`'<`80!R`&4`+``@`'0`:`!I`'(`9``M`'``80!R`'0`
M>0`@`&0`:0!G`&D`=`!A`&P`(`!C`&\`;@!T`&4`;@!T`"``80!N`&0`(`!A
M`'``<`!L`&D`8P!A`'0`:0!O`&X`
0`@`'<`:`!O`&P`90!S`&$`;`!E`'(`
0`@`',`90!L`&P`
0`@`',`90!L`&P`
0`N
M`"``20!N`'0`90!R`&,`;P!M`'``80!N`'D`(`!A`&,`8P!O`'4`;@!T`',`
M(`!A`&X`9``@`'0`<@!A`&X`
0`@
M`'<`:0!T`&@`(`!5`"X`4P`N`"``9P!E`&X`90!R`&$`;`!L`'D`(`!A`&,`
M8P!E`'``=`!E`&0`(`!A`&,`8P!O`'4`;@!T`&D`;@!G`"``<`!R`&D`;@!C
M`&D`<`!L`&4`
0`@`'(`90!C`&P`80!S`',`:0!F`&D`90!D`"``)``R`"X`-`!B
M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N`"``;P!F`"``8P!E`'(`=`!A`&D`;@`@`&8`:0!X`&4`
M9``M`&D`;@!C`&\`;0!E`"``
0!S`"``9@!I`',`8P!A`&P`(`!Y`&4`80!R`',`(``R`#``
M,``Y`"P`(``R`#``,``X`"``80!N`&0`(``R`#``,``W`"``90!N`&0`90!D
M`"``;P!N`"``4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`8@!E`'(`,@`V`"P`(``R`#``,``Y`"P`
M4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`8@!E`'(`,@`W`"P`(``R`#``,``X`"``80!N`&0`(`!3
M`&4`<`!T`&4`;0!B`&4`<@`R`#D`+``@`#(`,``P`#<`+``@`'(`90!S`'``
M90!C`'0`:0!V`&4`;`!Y`"P`(`!A`&X`9``@`&D`;@!C`&P`=0!D`&4`9``@
M`#4`,@`@`'<`90!E`&L`
`!I`&T`80!T`&4`;`!Y`"``90!V
M`&4`<@!Y`"``
0!E`&$`<@!S`"``;P!R`"``<0!U`&$`<@!T`&4`<@!S`"``<@!E
M`&8`90!R`"``=`!O`"``=`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`;@!Y`',`(`!F`&D`
M
0`@`',`90!C`'4`<@!I`'0`:0!E`',`(``@``D`"0`@``D`,@`X
M`#D`(``)``D`(``)`#$`,0`X`"``(``-``T`#0!5`"X`4P`N`"``80!G`&4`
M;@!C`'D`(`!S`&4`8P!U`'(`:0!T`&D`90!S`"``(``)``D`(``)`#(`-P`S
M`"``"0`)`"``"0`R`"P`-P`Y`#@`(``@``T`#0`-`$,`90!R`'0`:0!F`&D`
M8P!A`'0`90!S`"``;P!F`"``9`!E`'``;P!S`&D`=``@`&$`;@!D`"``=`!I
M`&T`90`@`&0`90!P`&\`
0`@`&,`
M:`!A`&X`9P!E`&0`(`!I`'0`
0!E`&$`<@`@`&(`80!L`&$`;@!C`&4`
0!E
M`&$`<@!S`"``<`!R`&4`
0`@`&,`;`!A`',`
0!I
M`&X`9P`@`&,`;P!N`'0`<@!A`&,`=`!U`&$`;``@`&T`80!T`'4`<@!I`'0`
M>0`@`&0`80!T`&4`+``@`'<`:`!I`&P`90`@`&D`=`!S`"``<`!R`&D`;P!R
M`"``8P!L`&$`
0!E`&$`<@`@`'0`;P`@
M`&8`:0!V`&4`(`!Y`&4`80!R`',`+@`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`
M>0`@`&(`90!L`&D`90!V`&4`
0`L`"``8P!E`'(`
M=`!A`&D`;@`@`&8`:0!X`&4`9``M`&D`;@!C`&\`;0!E`"``:0!N`'8`90!S
M`'0`;0!E`&X`=`!S`"``=`!O`'0`80!L`&D`;@!G`"``)``R`"X`-`!B`&D`
M;`!L`&D`;P!N`"``:`!A`'8`90`@`&(`90!E`&X`(`!R`&4`8P!L`&$`
0!E`&$`<@!S`"``9@!I`&X`80!N`&,`:0!A`&P`(`!S`'0`80!T`&4`;0!E
M`&X`=``@`'``<@!E`',`90!N`'0`80!T`&D`;P!N`"X`(`!4`&@`90!R`&4`
M(`!H`&$`=@!E`"``8@!E`&4`;@`@`&X`;P`@`&,`:`!A`&X`9P!E`',`(`!I
M`&X`(``!3@!O`'0`90`@`#,`(``M`"``1@!A`&D`<@`@`%8`80!L`'4`90`@
M`$T`90!A`',`=0!R`&4`;0!E`&X`=`!S`(`,`0T`#0!.`&\`=`!E`"``,P`@
M`"``1@!A`&D`<@`@`%8`80!L`'4`90`@`$T`90!A`',`=0!R`&4`;0!E`&X`
M=`!S`"``#0`-`"``5`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`;@!Y`"``9`!E`&8`:0!N
M`&4`
0`@`'<`;P!U`&P`9``@`'0`<@!A`&X`
0`L`"``
0`@`'0`:`!E`"``9@!U`&P`;``@`'0`90!R
M`&T`(`!O`&8`(`!T`&@`90`@`&$`
0!P
M`&D`8P!A`&P`;`!Y`"``<@!E`&8`;`!E`&,`=``@`&T`80!N`&$`9P!E`&T`
M90!N`'0`
0`@`&\`8@!S`&4`<@!V`&$`8@!L`&4`
M(`!M`&$`<@!K`&4`=``@`&0`80!T`&$`+@`@``T`#0!!`',`
0`@`',`90!C
M`'4`<@!I`'0`:0!E`',`(``@``D`"0`@``D`-@`Q`"``"0`)`"``"0`)`"``
M"0`)`"``"0`)`"``"0`V`#$`(``@``T`#0`-`$0`90!R`&D`=@!A`'0`:0!V
M`&4`(`!A`',`
0`@`&,`;P!M`'``;P!N`&4`;@!T`"``<`!R`&4`<`!A`'D`;0!E
M`&X`=`!S`"``+0`@`&,`=0!R`'(`90!N`'0`(``@``D`"0`@``D`,P`P`#D`
M(``)``D`(``)``D`-``W`#4`(``@``T`#0`-`$\`=`!H`&4`<@`@`&,`=0!R
M`'(`90!N`'0`(`!A`',`
0`L`"``90!Q`'4`:0!P`&T`90!N`'0`(`!A`&X`
M9``@`&D`;@!T`&4`<@!N`&$`;``M`'4`
0`L`"``<`!L`&$`;@!T`"``80!N`&0`
M(`!E`'$`=0!I`'``;0!E`&X`=``@`"``"0`)`#0`+``V`#8`-P`@``D`"0`@
M``D`,P`L`#<`-``W`"``"0`-``T`#0!!`&,`8P!U`&T`=0!L`&$`=`!E`&0`
M(`!D`&4`<`!R`&4`8P!I`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`&$`;@!D`"``80!M`&\`<@!T
M`&D`>@!A`'0`:0!O`&X`(``@``D`"0`H`#$`+``W`#$`,P`@``D`*0`@``D`
M"0`H`#$`+``R`#D`,@`@``D`*0`@`"``#0`-``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``@
M``D`#0`-``T`3@!E`'0`(`!P`'(`;P!P`&4`<@!T`'D`+``@`'``;`!A`&X`
M=``@`&$`;@!D`"``90!Q`'4`:0!P`&T`90!N`'0`(``@``D`"0`D`#(`+``Y
M`#4`-``@``D`"0`@``D`)``R`"P`-``U`#4`(``)``T`#0`)`"``"0`)`"``
M"0`)`"``(``)``T`#0`-`$\`=`!H`&4`<@`@`$$`
@!E`&0`(`!S`&\`9@!T`'<`80!R`&4`(`!D
M`&4`=@!E`&P`;P!P`&T`90!N`'0`(`!C`&\`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
0!I`&X`9P`@`$$`;0!O`'4`;@!T`"``(``-``T`#0!$`&4`
M9@!I`&X`:0!T`&4`(`!L`&D`=@!E`&0`(`!A`&X`9``@`&$`;0!O`'(`=`!I
M`'H`80!B`&P`90`@`&$`8P!Q`'4`:0!R`&4`9``@`'0`90!C`&@`;@!O`&P`
M;P!G`'D`(``@``D`"0`D`"``"0`S`#(`,P`@``D`"0`D`"``"0`H`#$`-P`V
M`"``"0`I`"``"0`)`"0`(``)`#$`-``W`"``"0`)`"0`(``)`#,`,``X`"``
M"0`)`"0`(``)`"@`,0`R`#,`(``)`"D`(``)``D`)``@``D`,0`X`#4`(``@
M``T`#0`-`$D`;@!D`&4`9@!I`&X`:0!T`&4`(`!L`&D`=@!E`&0`(`!A`&X`
M9``@`'4`;@!A`&T`;P!R`'0`:0!Z`&$`8@!L`&4`(`!T`'(`80!D`&4`;0!A
M`'(`:P!S`"``(``)``D`(``)`#$`,``P`"``"0`)`"``"0`)`"``"0`)`"``
M"0`Q`#``,``@``D`"0`@``D`,0`P`#``(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)
M`#$`,``P`"``(``-``T`"0`@``D`"0`@`"``"0`)`"``(``)``D`(``)``D`
M(``@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@`"``"0`)`"``(``)``D`(``)``D`(``@``D`#0`-
M``T`5`!O`'0`80!L`"``80!C`'$`=0!I`'(`90!D`"``:0!N`'0`80!N`&<`
M:0!B`&P`90`@`&$`
0`N`"``
M00!S`"``;P!F`"``4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`8@!E`'(`,@`V`"P`(``R`#``,``Y
M`"``80!N`&0`(`!3`&4`<`!T`&4`;0!B`&4`<@`R`#<`+``@`#(`,``P`#@`
M+``@`'0`:`!E`"``<@!E`&T`80!I`&X`:0!N`&<`(`!W`&4`:0!G`&@`=`!E
M`&0`+0!A`'8`90!R`&$`9P!E`"``80!M`&\`<@!T`&D`>@!A`'0`:0!O`&X`
M(`!P`&4`<@!I`&\`9``@`&8`;P!R`"``80!C`'$`=0!I`'(`90!D`"``=`!E
M`&,`:`!N`&\`;`!O`&<`>0`@`'<`80!S`"``-P`N`#(`(`!Y`&4`80!R`',`
M(`!A`&X`9``@`#<`+@`P`"``>0!E`&$`<@!S`"P`(`!R`&4`
0`N`"``#0`-`"``10!X`'``90!C`'0`90!D`"``80!N`&X`
M=0!A`&P`(`!A`&T`;P!R`'0`:0!Z`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`&4`>`!P`&4`;@!S
M`&4`(`!R`&4`;`!A`'0`90!D`"``=`!O`"``80!C`'$`=0!I`'(`90!D`"``
M=`!E`&,`:`!N`&\`;`!O`&<`>0`@`&$`
``@
M`&4`80!R`&X`:0!N`&<`
0`N`"``00!S`"``;P!F`"``4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`8@!E`'(`,@`V`"P`
M(``R`#``,``Y`"``80!N`&0`(`!3`&4`<`!T`&4`;0!B`&4`<@`R`#<`+``@
M`#(`,``P`#@`+``@`"0`,0`W`"X`-``@`&(`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`(`!A`&X`
M9``@`"0`,0`Q`"X`,P`@`&(`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`+``@`'(`90!S`'``90!C
M`'0`:0!V`&4`;`!Y`"P`(`!O`&8`(`!T`&@`90`@`$,`;P!M`'``80!N`'D`
M
0`@`',`=0!B`&H`90!C
M`'0`(`!T`&\`(`!5`"X`4P`N`"``:0!N`&,`;P!M`&4`(`!T`&$`>`!A`'0`
M:0!O`&X`(`!O`&X`(`!R`&4`<`!A`'0`<@!I`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`'0`;P`@
M`'0`:`!E`"``50`N`%,`+@`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0!S`"``
M8P!O`&X`
0`@`'(`90!L`&$`=`!E`&0`(`!T`&$`>``@`&P`:0!A`&(`:0!L
M`&D`=`!Y`"``;P!N`"``80!M`&\`=0!N`'0`
0`@`&(`90`@`'(`90!P`&$`=`!R`&D`80!T`&4`9``L`"``80!S`&D`9`!E
M`"``9@!R`&\`;0`@`'4`;@!D`&D`
0`@`'(`90!I`&X`=@!E`',`=`!E`&0`(`!I`&X`(`!O`'``90!R`&$`=`!I
M`&\`;@!S`"``;P!U`'0`
``@`&P`:0!A`&(`:0!L`&D`=`!Y`"``=`!H
M`&$`=``@`&T`:0!G`&@`=``@`&(`90`@`&D`;@!C`'4`<@!R`&4`9``@`&D`
M9@`@`'0`:`!E`',`90`@`&4`80!R`&X`:0!N`&<`
``@`'(`80!T`&4`
`!A`&(`;`!E`"``:0!N`&,`;P!M`&4`(`!I
M`&X`(`!T`&@`90`@`'D`90!A`'(`
``@`&$`
``@
M`&$`
0`@
M`&$`;@!D`"``4P!T`&\`8P!K`"T`0@!A`',`90!D`"``0P!O`&T`<`!E`&X`
M
0!S`"``80!U`'0`:`!O`'(`:0!Z`&4`9``@`&(`=0!T
M`"``=0!N`&D`
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
0`@`&(`=0!T`"``80!R`&4`(`!E`'@`8P!L`'4`9`!E`&0`(`!F`'(`;P!M
M`"``;@!E`'0`(`!I`&X`8P!O`&T`90`N`"``5`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`
M;@!Y`',`(`!O`'0`:`!E`'(`(`!C`&\`;0!P`'(`90!H`&4`;@!S`&D`=@!E
M`"``:0!N`&,`;P!M`&4`(`!C`&\`;@!S`&D`
@!E`&0`(`!G`&$`:0!N`',`
M(`!A`&X`9``@`&P`;P!S`',`90!S`"``;P!N`"``;0!A`'(`:P!E`'0`80!B
M`&P`90`@`',`90!C`'4`<@!I`'0`:0!E`',`(`!C`&$`=`!E`&<`;P!R`&D`
M>@!E`&0`(`!A`',`(`!A`'8`80!I`&P`80!B`&P`90`M`&8`;P!R`"T`
`!E`',`+``@`&$`
0!E`&$`<@!S`"``90!N`&0`90!D`"``4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`
M8@!E`'(`,@`V`"P`(``R`#``,``Y`"``*`!I`&X`(`!M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N
M`',`*0`Z`"``#0`-``T`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`
M"0`@``D`#0`-``D`(``)`#(`,``P`#D`(``)``D`(``)`#(`,``P`#@`(``)
M``D`(``)`#(`,``P`#<`(``)``T`#0`-`$X`90!T`"``=0!N`'(`90!A`&P`
M:0!Z`&4`9``@`&<`80!I`&X`
@!E`&0`(`!G`&$`:0!N`',`(`!O
M`&X`(`!D`&4`<@!I`'8`80!T`&D`=@!E`"``:0!N`',`=`!R`'4`;0!E`&X`
M=`!S`"``(``)``D`(``)`#,`,0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`Q`#D`(``)``D`(``)
M``D`(``)``T`#0`-`$,`=0!M`'4`;`!A`'0`:0!V`&4`(`!F`&\`<@!E`&D`
M9P!N`"``8P!U`'(`<@!E`&X`8P!Y`"``=`!R`&$`;@!S`&P`80!T`&D`;P!N
M`"``(``)``D`(``)`#4`(``)``D`(``)``D`-0`Y`"``"0`)`"``"0`)`#<`
M,``@``D`#0`-``D`(``)``D`(``@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@`"``"0`)`"``"0`)
M`"``(``)``T`#0`-`$$`8P!C`'4`;0!U`&P`80!T`&4`9``@`&\`=`!H`&4`
M<@`@`&,`;P!M`'``<@!E`&@`90!N`',`:0!V`&4`(`!I`&X`8P!O`&T`90`@
M`"``"0`)`"0`(``)`#@`-``@``D`"0`@``D`)``@``D`.``@``D`"0`@``D`
M)``@``D`-@`S`"``"0`-``T`"0`@``D`"0`@`"``"0`)`"``"0`)`"``(``)
M``D`(``)``D`(``@``D`#0`-`"``5`!H`&4`(`!C`&@`80!N`&<`90`@`&D`
M;@`@`&8`80!I`'(`(`!V`&$`;`!U`&4`(`!O`&8`(`!A`'8`80!I`&P`80!B
M`&P`90`M`&8`;P!R`"T`
`!E`',`(`!I`&X`(``R`#``,``Y`"P`(``R
M`#``,``X`"``80!N`&0`(``R`#``,``W`"P`(`!R`&4`
0`N`"``5`!H`&4`(`!T`&$`>``@`&4`9@!F`&4`8P!T`"``<@!E
M`&P`80!T`&4`9``@`'0`;P`@`'0`:`!E`"``8P!H`&$`;@!G`&4`(`!I`&X`
M(`!U`&X`<@!E`&$`;`!I`'H`90!D`"``9P!A`&D`;@`O`&P`;P!S`',`(`!O
M`&X`(`!A`'8`80!I`&P`80!B`&P`90`M`&8`;P!R`"T`
`!E
M`',`+``@`&@`90!L`&0`(`!B`'D`(`!T`&@`90`@`$,`;P!M`'``80!N`'D`
M(`!D`'4`<@!I`&X`9P`@`'0`:`!E`"``=`!H`'(`90!E`"``>0!E`&$`<@!S
M`"``90!N`&0`90!D`"``4P!E`'``=`!E`&T`8@!E`'(`,@`V`"P`(``R`#``
M,``Y`"``*`!I`&X`(`!M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N`',`*0`Z`"``#0`-``T`"0`@
M``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`@``D`"0`-``T`"0`@``D`,@`P`#``
M.0`@``D`"0`@``D`,@`P`#``.``@``D`"0`@``D`,@`P`#``-P`@`"``#0`-
M``T`0P!H`&$`;@!G`&4`
0!E`&4`(`!"`&4`;@!E`&8`:0!T`"``4`!L
M`&$`;@!S`"``#0`-`#(`,``P`#,`(`!%`&T`<`!L`&\`>0!E`&4`(`!3`'0`
M;P!C`&L`(`!0`&P`80!N`"``#0`-`"``5`!H`&4`(``R`#``,``S`"``10!M
M`'``;`!O`'D`90!E`"``4P!T`&\`8P!K`"``4`!L`&$`;@`@`"@`=`!H`&4`
M(``R`#``,``S`"``4`!L`&$`;@`I`"``:0!S`"``80`@`',`:`!A`'(`90!H
M`&\`;`!D`&4`<@`@`&$`<`!P`'(`;P!V`&4`9``@`'``;`!A`&X`(`!T`&@`
M80!T`"``<`!R`&\`=@!I`&0`90!S`"``9@!O`'(`(`!B`'(`;P!A`&0`+0!B
M`&$`
0`@`&<`<@!A`&X`=`!S`"``=`!O`"``
M90!M`'``;`!O`'D`90!E`',`+``@`&D`;@!C`&P`=0!D`&D`;@!G`"``90!X
M`&4`8P!U`'0`:0!V`&4`(`!O`&8`9@!I`&,`90!R`',`+@`@`%0`:`!E`"``
M,@`P`#``,P`@`%``;`!A`&X`(`!P`&4`<@!M`&D`=`!S`"``=`!H`&4`(`!G
M`'(`80!N`'0`:0!N`&<`(`!O`&8`(`!I`"8``4X`;P!T`&4`(``X`"``+0`@
M`$,`;P!M`&T`:0!T`&T`90!N`'0`
@!E`"``80!N`'D`(`!O`'0`:`!E
M`'(`(`!O`&8`9@`M`&(`80!L`&$`;@!C`&4`(`!S`&@`90!E`'0`(`!F`&D`
M;@!A`&X`8P!I`&X`9P`@`&$`<@!R`&$`;@!G`&4`;0!E`&X`=`!S`"X`(`!4
M`&@`90`@`&T`80!J`&\`<@`@`&8`80!C`&D`;`!I`'0`>0`@`&P`90!A`',`
M90!S`"``80!R`&4`(`!G`&4`;@!E`'(`80!L`&P`>0`@`&8`;P!R`"``=`!E
M`'(`;0!S`"``;P!F`"``;P!N`&4`(`!T`&\`(``R`#``(`!Y`&4`80!R`',`
M(`!A`&X`9``@`&<`90!N`&4`<@!A`&P`;`!Y`"``<`!R`&\`=@!I`&0`90`@
M`'(`90!N`&4`=P!A`&P`(`!O`'``=`!I`&\`;@!S`"``9@!O`'(`(`!T`&4`
M<@!M`',`(`!O`&8`(`!O`&X`90`@`'0`;P`@`&8`:0!V`&4`(`!A`&0`9`!I
M`'0`:0!O`&X`80!L`"``>0!E`&$`<@!S`"X`(`!,`&4`80!S`&4`
0!M`&4`;@!T`',`(`!U`&X`
M9`!E`'(`(`!N`&\`;@!C`&$`;@!C`&4`;`!A`&(`;`!E`"``;P!P`&4`<@!A
M`'0`:0!N`&<`(`!L`&4`80!S`&4`
0!E`&$`<@`@`&$`
0`@`&$`;`!S`&\`
M(`!O`&8`9@!E`'(`
0`@`&(`80!S`&D`8P`@
M`'<`80!R`'(`80!N`'0`>0`@`&8`;P!R`"``:0!T`',`(`!S`&4`<@!V`&D`
M8P!E`"``<`!A`'(`=`!S`"``=0!S`&4`9``@`'0`;P`@`'(`90!P`&$`:0!R
M`"``=`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`;@!Y`',`(`!H`&$`<@!D`'<`80!R`&4`
M(`!P`'(`;P!D`'4`8P!T`',`+@`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0`@
M`'``<@!O`'8`:0!D`&4`
0`@`&(`90`@`&D`;@!C`'4`<@!R`&4`9``@`'4`;@!D`&4`
M<@`@`&D`=`!S`"``8@!A`',`:0!C`"``;`!I`&T`:0!T`&4`9``@`'``<@!O
M`&0`=0!C`'0`(`!W`&$`<@!R`&$`;@!T`&D`90!S`"``80!T`"``=`!H`&4`
M(`!T`&D`;0!E`"``<@!E`&P`80!T`&4`9``@`'(`90!V`&4`;@!U`&4`(`!I
M`',`(`!R`&4`8P!O`&<`;@!I`'H`90!D`"X`(`!&`&$`8P!T`&\`<@!S`"``
M8P!O`&X`
0`@
M`&\`8@!L`&D`9P!A`'0`:0!O`&X`
0`@`&,`;`!A`&D`;0`@
M`'(`80!T`&4`
0!S`"``=`!Y`'``:0!C`&$`;``@`&4`>`!P
M`&4`<@!I`&4`;@!C`&4`+@`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0`@`&$`
M
0`@`&(`80!S`&4`9``@`&\`;@`@`&$`8P!T`'4`80!L
M`"``90!X`'``90!R`&D`90!N`&,`90`@`&$`;@!D`"``8P!H`&$`;@!G`&4`
M
0`@
M`&4`>`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`(`!A`',`(`!I`&X`8P!U`'(`<@!E`&0`+@`@``T`
M#0`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0`@`'``90!R`&D`;P!D`&D`8P!A
M`&P`;`!Y`"``<`!R`&\`=@!I`&0`90!S`"``=0!P`&0`80!T`&4`
0!S`'0`90!M`"``
0`@`&,`
M;P!S`'0`
@!E
M`&0`(`!A`'0`(`!T`&@`90`@`'0`:0!M`&4`(`!R`&4`;`!A`'0`90!D`"``
M
@!E`&0`+@`@`$8`80!C`'0`;P!R`',`(`!C`&\`;@!S`&D`
M9`!E`'(`90!D`"``:0!N`"``9`!E`'0`90!R`&T`:0!N`&D`;@!G`"``80!P
M`'``<@!O`'``<@!I`&$`=`!E`"``80!C`&,`<@!U`&$`;`!S`"``<@!E`&P`
M80!T`&4`9``@`'0`;P`@`',`=0!C`&@`(`!U`'``9`!A`'0`90!S`"``:0!N
M`&,`;`!U`&0`90`@`'0`:`!E`"``;@!U`&T`8@!E`'(`(`!O`&8`(`!U`&X`
M:0!T`',`(`!D`&4`;`!I`'8`90!R`&4`9``L`"``=`!H`&4`(`!N`'4`;0!B
M`&4`<@`@`&\`9@`@`'4`<`!D`&$`=`!E`',`(`!E`'@`<`!E`&,`=`!E`&0`
M(`!T`&\`(`!O`&,`8P!U`'(`+``@`&$`;@!D`"``=`!H`&4`(`!H`&D`
0`@`&T`80!N`&$`9P!E`&T`90!N`'0`
M(`!F`&\`<@`@`&T`80!K`&D`;@!G`"``9`!E`&,`:0!S`&D`;P!N`',`(`!A
M`&X`9``@`&$`
0!S`"``<@!E`'``;P!R`'0`80!B`&P`90`@`',`
M90!G`&T`90!N`'0`
0`@
M`&(`80!S`&4`9``@`&\`;@`@`'0`:`!E`"``;@!A`'0`=0!R`&4`(`!A`&X`
M9``@`&P`;P!C`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`&\`9@`@`&D`=`!S`"``8P!U`',`=`!O
M`&T`90!R`',`+``@`'0`;P`@`&(`90`@`'0`:`!E`"``00!M`&4`<@!I`&,`
M80!S`"P`(`!%`'4`<@!O`'``90`L`"``2@!A`'``80!N`"P`(`!!`',`:0!A
M`"T`4`!A`&,`:0!F`&D`8P`L`"``4@!E`'0`80!I`&P`(`!A`&X`9``@`$8`
M:0!L`&4`30!A`&L`90!R`"``;P!P`&4`<@!A`'0`:0!O`&X`
`!C`&4`<`!T`"``9@!O`'(`(`!*`&$`<`!A`&X`(`!A`&X`
M9``@`'0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0!S`"``1@!I`&P`90!-`&$`:P!E
M`'(`+``@`$D`;@!C`"X`(`!S`'4`8@!S`&D`9`!I`&$`<@!Y`"X`(`!4`&@`
M90`@`$$`;0!E`'(`:0!C`&$`
0!P`&4`
0`@`&4`=@!A`&P`=0!A`'0`90!S`"``=`!H`&4`(`!P`&4`<@!F`&\`
M<@!M`&$`;@!C`&4`(`!O`&8`(`!I`'0`
0`@`&(`80!S`&4`9``@`&\`;@`@`'0`:`!E`"``
M;`!O`&,`80!T`&D`;P!N`"``;P!F`"``8P!U`',`=`!O`&T`90!R`',`+``@
M`'<`:`!I`&P`90`@`%(`90!T`&$`:0!L`"``
`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`
`!C`&P`=0!D`&4`
`!E`',`+``@`'8`80!R`&D`;P!U`',`
M(`!N`&\`;@!R`&4`8P!U`'(`<@!I`&X`9P`@`&,`:`!A`'(`9P!E`',`+``@
M`&$`;@!D`"``;P!T`&@`90!R`"``
0`@`&T`
M80!N`&$`9P!E`&0`(`!G`&4`;@!E`'(`80!L`"``80!N`&0`(`!A`&0`;0!I
M`&X`:0!S`'0`<@!A`'0`:0!V`&4`(`!C`&\`
0`@`&0`;P!E`',`(`!N`&\`=``@`&D`;@!C`&P`=0!D
M`&4`(`!I`&X`=`!E`'(`8P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0`@`'0`<@!A`&X`
`!C`&4`<`!T`"``9@!O`'(`(`!T`&@`90`@`%(`90!T
M`&$`:0!L`"``
0`@`',`90!G`&T`90!N`'0`+@`@`$,`80!S`&@`(`!P`&$`>0!M`&4`
M;@!T`',`(`!F`&\`<@`@`&,`80!P`&D`=`!A`&P`(`!A`',`
0`@`'0`:`!E`"``4@!E`'0`80!I`&P`
M(`!S`&4`9P!M`&4`;@!T`"``=P!E`'(`90`@`"0`,P`V`#D`(`!M`&D`;`!L
M`&D`;P!N`"P`(``D`#,`.``Y`"``;0!I`&P`;`!I`&\`;@`@`&$`;@!D`"``
M)``R`#D`-``@`&T`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`(`!F`&\`<@`@`#(`,``P`#D`+``@
M`#(`,``P`#@`(`!A`&X`9``@`#(`,``P`#<`+``@`'(`90!S`'``90!C`'0`
M:0!V`&4`;`!Y`"X`(``-``T`(`!4`&@`90`@`$,`;P!M`'``80!N`'D`(`!H
M`&$`
0`@`$8`:0!N`&$`;@!C`&D`80!L`"``20!N`&8`;P!R`&T`
M80!T`&D`;P!N`"``*`!5`&X`80!U`&0`:0!T`&4`9``I`"``#0`-`"``5`!H
M`&4`(`!F`&\`;`!L`&\`=P!I`&X`9P`@`'0`80!B`&P`90!S`"``
0`@`&\`9@`@`'0`:`!E
M`"``0P!O`&T`<`!A`&X`>0!S`"``<0!U`&$`<@!T`&4`<@!L`'D`(`!F`&D`
M;@!A`&X`8P!I`&$`;``@`&D`;@!F`&\`<@!M`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`&8`;P!R
M`"``90!A`&,`:``@`&\`9@`@`'0`:`!E`"``9@!O`'4`<@`@`'$`=0!A`'(`
M=`!E`'(`
`!C
M`&4`<`!T`"``<`!E`'(`(`!S`&@`80!R`&4`(`!A`&T`;P!U`&X`=`!S`"D`
M.@`@``T`#0`-``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)
M``T`#0`)`"``"0!&`&\`=0!R`'0`:`!1`'4`80!R`'0`90!R`"``"0`)`%0`
M:`!I`'(`9`!1`'4`80!R`'0`90!R`"``"0`)`%,`90!C`&\`;@!D`%$`=0!A
M`'(`=`!E`'(`(``)``D`1@!I`'(`
0`@`&8`;P!R`"``90!A`&,`:``@`&\`9@`@`'0`:`!E`"``
M<0!U`&$`<@!T`&4`<@!S`"``<`!R`&4`
0`@`&(`80!S`&D`8P`@`&$`;@!D`"``9`!I`&P`
M=0!T`&4`9``@`'``90!R`"``
0`@`%L`5`!E
M`'@`=``@`$(`;`!O`&,`:P!=``X``50`<@!A`&0`:0!N`&<`(`!3`'D`;0!B
M`&\`;``$``%!`$$`4`!,`!8``44`;@!T`&D`=`!Y`"``4@!E`&<`:0!S`'0`
M<@!A`&X`=``@`$X`80!M`&4`"0`!00!0`%``3`!%`"``20!.`$,`&``!10!N
M`'0`:0!T`'D`(`!#`&4`;@!T`'(`80!L`"``20!N`&0`90!X`"``2P!E`'D`
M"@`!,``P`#``,``S`#(`,``Q`#D`,P`<``%#`'4`<@!R`&4`;@!T`"``1@!I
M`',`8P!A`&P`(`!9`&4`80!R`"``10!N`&0`(`!$`&$`=`!E``<``2T`+0`P
M`#D`+0`R`#8`(0`!10!N`'0`:0!T`'D`(`!7`&4`;`!L`"T`:P!N`&\`=P!N
M`"``4P!E`&$`
0`@`%8`;P!L`'4`;@!T
M`&$`<@!Y`"``1@!I`&P`90!R`',``@`!3@!O`!4``44`;@!T`&D`=`!Y`"``
M1@!I`&P`90!R`"``0P!A`'0`90!G`&\`<@!Y`!<``4P`80!R`&<`90`@`$$`
M8P!C`&4`;`!E`'(`80!T`&4`9``@`$8`:0!L`&4`<@`G``%%`&X`=`!I`'0`
M>0`@`$,`;P!M`&T`;P!N`"``4P!T`&\`8P!K`"P`(`!3`&@`80!R`&4`
0`@`%``=0!B
M`&P`:0!C`"``1@!L`&\`80!T`/\`J@`(`)<-```,````NP\``#`"```O$0``
MI`,``&T2``#B!```O10``#('``#+%@``0`D``(\8```$"P``*QH``*`,``#9
M&P``3@X``%4>``#*$```,R$``*@3```#)```>!8``#DF``"N&```PR@``#@;
M``!]*P``\AT``"YX``!&"@``P,P``)H>``"A#P$`'@$``+L0`0`X`@``QQ$!
M`$0#``#Q$@$`;@0```H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%```````
M`````!\`````````^QL!``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\
MJ?'236)0/U\``@`!`"H``@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"
M!````/\`@0`"`,$$%````!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!
M`$8`6`)8`@```````.`_````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````
M!`!]``P``0`"`+88#P````0`?0`,``,`_P`D"0\````$```"#@``````'P``
M`````P````@"$`````````#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````"`/\````````!
M#P`(`A```@``````_P````````$/``@"$``#`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0
M``0````"`/\````````!#P`(`A``!0````(`_P````````$/``@"$``&````
M`@#_`````````0\`"`(0``<````"`/\````````!#P`(`A``"`````(`_P``
M``````$/``@"$``)`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0``H````"`/\````````!
M#P`(`A``"P````(`_P````````$/``@"$``,`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0
M``T````"`/\````````!#P`(`A``#@````(`_P````````$/``@"$``/````
M`@#_`````````0\`"`(0`!```````/\````````!#P`(`A``$0````(`_P``
M``````$/``@"$``2`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0`!,````"`/\````````!
M#P`(`A``%`````(`_P````````$/``@"$``5`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0
M`!8````"`/\````````!#P`(`A``%P````(`_P````````$/``@"$``8````
M`@#_`````````0\`"`(0`!D``````/\````````!#P`(`A``&@````(`_P``
M``````$/``@"$``;`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0`!P````"`/\````````!
M#P`(`A``'0````(`_P````````$/``@"$``>`````@#_`````````0\`_0`*
M```````7``````#]``H``0```!<``0```/T`"@`!``$`%P`"````_0`*``$`
M`@`7``,```#]``H``@```!8`!````/T`"@`#````&``%````O0`2``,``0`9
M``"/M$`9`(`QQT`"`/T`"@`$````&``&````O0`2``0``0`:`$#&T4`:``#^
MPT`"`/T`"@`%````&``'````O0`2``4``0`:``!"JD`:``#LHD`"`/T`"@`&
M````&``(````O0`2``8``0`:``!P?$`:``#0?T`"`/T`"@`'````&``)````
MO0`2``<``0`:``!JH$`:``"
`""UX4`>`,"-
MWT`"`/T`"@`*````&``,````O0`2``H``0`:``"0Q$`:``"6HD`"`/T`"@`+
M````&``-````O0`2``L``0`:```4IT`:```NHT`"`/T`"@`,````&``.````
MO0`2``P``0`:``#`:4`:``#@:4`"`/T`"@`-````&``/````O0`2``T``0`:
M``#@;D`:``#0<4`"`/T`"@`.````&``0````O0`2``X``0`:``"&K$`:```\
MGD`"`/T`"@`/````&``1````O0`2``\``0`>`&!+ZD`>`(!2XT`"`/T`"@`0
M````%@`2````_0`*`!$````8`!,```"]`!(`$0`!`!H``.&U0!H``)"U0`(`
M_0`*`!(````8`!0```"]`!(`$@`!`!H``&"J0!H```ZM0`(`_0`*`!,````8
M`!4```"]`!(`$P`!`!H`@"#$0!H``/6R0`(`_0`*`!0````8`!8```"]`!(`
M%``!`!X`@-320!X``(;+0`(`_0`*`!4````8`!<```"]`!(`%0`!`!H``(6Q
M0!H``*JG0`(`_0`*`!8````8`!@```"]`!(`%@`!`!H``)BA0!H``#260`(`
M_0`*`!<````8`!D```"]`!(`%P`!`!X`P&C90!X`@!O20`(`_0`*`!@````8
M`!H```#]``H`&``!`!T`&P```/T`"@`8``(`'0`;````_0`*`!D````6`!P`
M``#]``H`&@```!@`'0```+T`$@`:``$`&@``"``$`'P!@2^I`'P"`4N-`
M`@#7`$(`?`8``%@"#@`J``X`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`)``.
M`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`*@`.`"0`)``D`"0`/@(2`+8&`````$``````````
M`````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@```#<````*````
M"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````````'`````````"8?`0`-
M``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(`
M```K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5
M````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P``
M`````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$``@"V&`\````$
M`'T`#``#`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````<```````,````(`A``````````
M_P````````$/``@"$``!`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0``(````"`/\`````
M```!#P`(`A```P````(`_P````````$/``@"$``$`````@#_`````````0\`
M"`(0``4````"`/\````````!#P`(`A``!@````(`_P````````$/`/T`"@``
M````%P`B````_0`*``$````7`",```#]``H``0`!`!<`)````/T`"@`!``(`
M%P`E````_0`*``(````8`"8```"]`!(``@`!`!D```!*0!D``(!'0`(`_0`*
M``,````8`"<```"]`!(``P`!`!D``````!D```````(`_0`*``0````8`"@`
M```#`@X`!``!`!H`````@'32VD$#`@X`!``"`!H`````@'32VD']``H`!0``
M`!@`*0````,"#@`%``$`&@````">^-#*00,"#@`%``(`&@```("J8WG*0?T`
M"@`&````&``J`````P(.``8``0`:`````)[XT,I!`P(.``8``@`:````@*IC
M>
``!JM4`>```&LT`>``!"
MK4`#`/T`"@`)````&``U````O0`8``D``0`>``#JO4`>``"#N$`>```YL4`#
M`/T`"@`*````&``V````O0`8``H``0`:``!@=$`:``!@@T`:``"X@D`#`/T`
M"@`+````&``W````O0`8``L``0`>```POT`>``#OND`>``"0LT`#`/T`"@`,
M````&``X````O0`8``P``0`:``#0H4`:```:H$`:``"@ET`#`/T`"@`-````
M&``Y````O0`8``T``0`?``!(MD`?``#BLD`?``!0JT`#`/T`"@`.````%@`Z
M````_0`*``\````8`#L```"]`!@`#P`!`"```?B#0"```2"!0"```4!Y0`,`
M_0`*`!`````8`#P```"]`!@`$``!`"```:B#0"```<"`0"```9!X0`,`_0`*
M`!$````6`#T```#]``H`$@```!@`.P```+T`&``2``$`&@"P0"M!&@!PYRI!
M&@!.Q30``P#]``H`$P```!@`/````+T`&``3``$`&@#V6S<`&@#N#S<`&@"8
M(RM!`P#7`"P`=@0``'P!#@`X`"H`*@`J``X`*@`J`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J``X`
M*@`J``X`*@`^`A(`M@``````0```````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P``
M``````$`````````[P`&````-P````H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(`
M``L"&````````````"@`````````A"T!`*(O`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(`
M`0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"`
M``@````````````E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````
MH0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]
M``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$`!`"V&`\````$`'T`#``%`/\`)`D/````
M!````@X``````"@```````4````(`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!
M````!`#_`````````0\`"`(0``(````$`/\````````!#P`(`A```P````$`
M_P````````$/``@"$``$``````#_`````````0\`"`(0``4````$`/\`````
M```!#P`(`A``!@````0`_P````````$/``@"$``'````!`#_`````````0\`
M"`(0``@````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``"0````0`_P````````$/``@"$``*
M`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``L````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``#`````0`
M_P````````$/``@"$``-`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``X````$`/\`````
M```!#P`(`A``#P````0`_P````````$/``@"$``0``````#_`````````0\`
M"`(0`!$````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``$@````0`_P````````$/``@"$``3
M````!`#_`````````0\`"`(0`!0````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``%0````0`
M_P````````$/``@"$``6`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0`!<````$`/\`````
M```!#P`(`A``&`````$`_P````````$/``@"$``9````!`#_`````````0\`
M"`(0`!H````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``&P````$`_P````````$/``@"$``<
M````!`#_`````````0\`"`(0`!T``````/\````````!#P`(`A``'@````0`
M_P````````$/``@"$``?````!`#_`````````0\`_0`*```````7`#X```#]
M``H``0```!<`+````/T`"@`!``$`%P`_````_0`*``$``@`7`$````#]``H`
M`0`#`!<`00```/T`"@`!``0`%P!"````_0`*``(````8`$,```"]`!X``@`!
M`!D```.Q0!D``.>U0!D````V0!D``(##0`0`_0`*``,````8`$,```!^`@H`
M`P`!`!H`?C,T`/T`"@`$````%@!$````_0`*``4````8`#D```!^`@H`!0`"
M`!H``%"K0'X""@`%``0`&@``4*M`_0`*``8````8`$4```"]`!(`!@`#`!H`
M`(!)0!H``(!)0`0`_0`*``<````8`$8```"]`!(`!P`#`!H````
``X``0`:``#XM$`:`(#&P4`:``"`3T`:
M``!BS$`$`/T`"@`/````&`!,````O0`2``\``0`:``"`1D`:````)D`"`'X"
M"@`/``0`&@```$Q`_0`*`!`````6`$0```#]``H`$0```!@`.0```'X""@`1
M``(`&@``XK)`?@(*`!$`!``:``#BLD#]``H`$@```!@`10```+T`$@`2``,`
M&@```";`&@```";`!`#]``H`$P```!@`1@```+T`$@`3``,`&@``@$_`&@``
M@$_`!`#]``H`%````!@`1P```+T`$@`4``,`&@```#-`&@```#-`!`#]``H`
M%0```!@`2````'X""@`5``$`&@``"(!`?@(*`!4`!``:```(@$#]``H`%@``
M`!@`20```'X""@`6``$`&@``",]`_0`*`!<````8`$D```"]`!(`%P`!`!H`
M`,!\0!H``$!9P`(`?@(*`!<`!``:``!P=D#]``H`&````!@`30```'X""@`8
M``$`&@``0%M`_0`*`!D````8`$T```!^`@H`&0`!`!H````U0'X""@`9``0`
M&@```#5`_0`*`!H````8`$H```!^`@H`&@`!`!H``!"(0'X""@`:``0`&@``
M$(A`_0`*`!L````8`$X```!^`@H`&P`!`!H`#!PK0?T`"@`<````&`!.````
MO0`>`!P``0`:```)O$`:`(`*RT`:````($`:`(")U$`$`/T`"@`=````%@!$
M````_0`*`!X````8`#D```!^`@H`'@`"`!H``$BV0'X""@`>``0`&@``2+9`
M_0`*`!\````8`$4```"]`!(`'P`#`!H```!+P!H```!+P`0`UP!$`!@'``!L
M`@X`1@`P`!P`#@`J`"0`)``D`"H`'``R`"H`'``P`#(`#@`J`"0`)``D`"H`
M'``R`!P`*@`J`!P`,``.`"H`"`(0`"`````$`/\````````!#P`(`A``(0``
M``0`_P````````$/``@"$``B````!`#_`````````0\`"`(0`",````!`/\`
M```````!#P`(`A``)`````0`_P````````$/``@"$``E````!`#_````````
M`0\`"`(0`"8````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``)P````0`_P````````$/`/T`
M"@`@````&`!&````O0`2`"```P`:``"`74`:``"`74`$`/T`"@`A````&`!'
M````O0`2`"$``P`:````*$`:````*$`$`/T`"@`B````&`!(````?@(*`"(`
M`0`:```8AD!^`@H`(@`$`!H``!B&0/T`"@`C````&`!)````?@(*`",``0`:
M``!LQD#]``H`)````!@`20```+T`$@`D``$`&@``0'E`&@```";``@!^`@H`
M)``$`!H``)!X0/T`"@`E````&`!*````?@(*`"4``0`:``"`4\!^`@H`)0`$
M`!H``(!3P/T`"@`F````&`!/````?@(*`"8``0`:`+QU*T']``H`)P```!@`
M3P```+T`'@`G``$`&0``",`#`/T`"@`,
M````&``(````O0`8``P``0`:````2T`:``!@9,`:````4\`#`/T`"@`-````
M&``*````O0`8``T``0`:``!HD,`:``"8GL`:```0F,`#`/T`"@`.````&``0
M````O0`8``X``0`:```(E<`:``#`?L`:``!`5$`#`/T`"@`/````&``3````
MO0`8``\``0`:````5T`:``"@@D`:``!8ET`#`/T`"@`0````&``5````O0`8
M`!```0`:``#\ND`:```*MD`:``#,D4`#`/T`"@`1````&`!:````O0`8`!$`
M`0`:````9\`:``#\DT`:```@@T`#`/T`"@`2````&`!;````O0`8`!(``0`>
M`(#7PT`>``"^PD`>``!>M4`#`/T`"@`3````%@!<````_0`*`!0````8`%T`
M``"]`!@`%``!`!H`@-#FP!H`0&W6P!H`@./&P`,`_0`*`!4````8`%X```"]
M`!@`%0`!`!H`@%/30!H```['0!H``%.Y0`,`_0`*`!8````8`%\```"]`!@`
M%@`!`!H``$3%0!H``%>Q0!H``/JF0`,`_0`*`!<````8`&````"]`!@`%P`!
M`!H``$!9P!H```!#P!H````QP`,`_0`*`!@````8`&$```"]`!@`&``!`!H`
M`````!H``(!KP!H```````,`_0`*`!D````8`&(```"]`!@`&0`!`!H``."1
MP!H```R1P!H``/B&P`,`_0`*`!H````8`&,```"]`!@`&@`!`!H``$!1P!H`
M``!;P!H``&!OP`,`_0`*`!L````8`&0```"]`!@`&P`!`!H``(!2P!H````D
MP!H``(!(0`,`_0`*`!P````8`&4```"]`!@`'``!`!X`@`;1P!X``/V_P!X`
M`&*IP`,`_0`*`!T````6`&8```#]``H`'@```!@`9P```+T`&``>``$`&@``
ML'U`&@``,'Y`&@``T'9``P#]``H`'P```!@`:````+T`&``?``$`&@``X'!`
M&@``J(=`&@``D'=``P#7`$0`)@<``&P"#@`X`"H`#@`J``X`*@`J`"H`*@`.
M`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`.`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J``X`*@`(`A``
M(`````,`_P````````$/``@"$``A`````P#_`````````0\`"`(0`"(````#
M`/\````````!#P`(`A``(P````,`_P````````$/``@"$``D``````#_````
M`````0\`"`(0`"4````#`/\````````!#P#]``H`(````!@`:0```+T`&``@
M``$`&@``@%3`&@```%_`&@````C``P#]``H`(0```!@`:@```+T`&``A``$`
M'@``N(1`'@``<)%`'@``&(=``P#]``H`(@```!@`:P```+T`&``B``$`'@``
MU+G`'@``MJ-`'@``(*=``P#]``H`(P```!@`;````+T`&``C``$`&@``C[1`
M&@"`,<=`&@``1,)``P#]``H`)````!8`;0```/T`"@`E````&`!N````O0`8
M`"4``0`9``!JIT`9``#,DT`9``#XBD`#`-<`$`!8`0``9``J`"H`*@`J``X`
M/@(2`+8``````$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!````
M`````.\`!@```#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0`````
M```````$`````````+X[`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`
M_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E
M`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$`
M`0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P``
M``0`?0`,``$``0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````0`
M``````(````(`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!`````0#_````````
M`0\`"`(0``(``````/\````````!#P`(`A```P````$`_P````````$/`/T`
M"@``````%P!O`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$`%P!P````_0`*``(````6
M`'$```#]``H``P```!@`;P```/T`"@`#``$`'0!R````UP`,`*`````\``X`
M&``.`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D`!T`#P`#````````
M`0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC-!\&````&`@``"P(4
M````````````!`````````"Q/0$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"``$`$0`"````
M$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`"``$`@``(````````
M````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0``@```*$`(@`)`&0`
M`0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`"``@`?0`,``````"V
M/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P``@#_`"0)#P````0```(.````
M```$```````"````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`(`A```0````$`_P``
M``````$/``@"$``"``````#_`````````0\`"`(0``,````!`/\````````!
M#P#]``H``````!<`
0````$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`!
M`!<`<````/T`"@`"````%@!Q````_0`*``,````8`'D```#]``H``P`!`!T`
M>@```-<`#`"@````/``.`!@`#@`^`A(`M@``````0```````````````H``$
M`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````[P`&````-P````H````)"!````80
M`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%`````````````0`````````?44!``T``@`!``P`
M`@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'236)0/U\``@`!`"H``@```"L``@``
M`((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!````/\`@0`"`,$$%````!4```"#``(`
M``"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8`6`)8`@```````.`_````````X#\!
M`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!]``P``0`!`+88#P````0`?0`,``(`
M_P`D"0\````$```"#@``````!````````@````@"$`````````#_````````
M`0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`(`A```@``````_P````````$/``@"
M$``#`````0#_`````````0\`_0`*```````7`'L````!`@8``0```!<`_0`*
M``$``0`7`'````#]``H``@```!8`<0```/T`"@`#````&`![````_0`*``,`
M`0`=`'P```#7``P`H````#P`#@`8``X`/@(2`+8``````$``````````````
M`*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@```#<````*````"0@0
M```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````````$`````````'!'`0`-``(`
M`0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K
M``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5````
M@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P``````
M`.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$``0"V&`\````$`'T`
M#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````0```````(````(`A``````````_P``
M``````$/``@"$``!`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``(``````/\````````!
M#P`(`A```P````$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````%P!]`````0(&``$````7
M`/T`"@`!``$`%P!P````_0`*``(````6`'$```#]``H``P```!@`?0```/T`
M"@`#``$`'0!^````UP`,`*`````\``X`&``.`#X"$@"V``````!`````````
M``````"@``0`9`!D`!T`#P`#`````````0````````#O``8````W````"@``
M``D($```!A``1AC-!\&````&`@``"P(4````````````!`````````!C20$`
M#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"``$`$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"
M````*P`"````@@`"``$`@``(````````````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````
M%0```(,``@```(0``@```*$`(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\`
M``````#@/P$`50`"``@`?0`,``````"V/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````
M!`!]``P``@#_`"0)#P````0```(.```````$```````"````"`(0````````
M`/\````````!#P`(`A```0````$`_P````````$/``@"$``"``````#_````
M`````0\`"`(0``,````!`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`?P````$"!@`!
M````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`<````/T`"@`"````%@!Q````_0`*``,````8`'\`
M``#]``H``P`!`!T`@````-<`#`"@````/``.`!@`#@`^`A(`M@``````0```
M````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````[P`&````-P``
M``H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%`````````````0`````````
M5DL!``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'236)0/U\``@`!
M`"H``@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!````/\`@0`"`,$$
M%````!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8`6`)8`@``````
M`.`_````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!]``P``0`!`+88
M#P````0`?0`,``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@``````!````````@````@"$```
M``````#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`(`A```@``````
M_P````````$/``@"$``#`````0#_`````````0\`_0`*```````7`($````!
M`@8``0```!<`_0`*``$``0`7`'````#]``H``@```!8`<0```/T`"@`#````
M&`"!````_0`*``,``0`=`((```#7``P`H````#P`#@`8``X`/@(2`+8`````
M`$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@``
M`#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````````$````
M`````$E-`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?
M``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0```#_`($`
M`@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(`
M``````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$`
M`0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````0```````(````(
M`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``(`
M`````/\````````!#P`(`A```P````$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````%P"#
M`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$`%P!P````_0`*``(````6`'$```#]``H`
M`P```!@`@P```/T`"@`#``$`'0"$````UP`,`*`````\``X`&``.`#X"$@"V
M``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D`!T`#P`#`````````0````````#O
M``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC-!\&````&`@``"P(4````````````
M!``````````\3P$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"``$`$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-
M8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`"``$`@``(````````````)0($````
M_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0``@```*$`(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8
M`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`"``@`?0`,``````"V/`\````$`'T`
M#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P``@#_`"0)#P````0```(.```````$```````"
M````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`(`A```0````$`_P````````$/``@"
M$``"``````#_`````````0\`"`(0``,````!`/\````````!#P#]``H`````
M`!<`A0````$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`<````/T`"@`"````%@!Q````
M_0`*``,````8`(4```#]``H``P`!`!T`A@```-<`#`"@````/``.`!@`#@`^
M`A(`M@``````0```````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````
M````[P`&````-P````H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%```````
M``````8`````````CU$!``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\
MJ?'236)0/U\``@`!`"H``@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"
M!````/\`@0`"`,$$%````!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!
M`$8`6`)8`@```````.`_````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````
M!`!]``P``0`!`+88#P````0`?0`,``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@``````!@``
M`````@````@"$`````````#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!
M#P`(`A```@``````_P````````$/``@"$``#`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0
M``0````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``!0````$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````
M%P"'`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$`%P!P````_0`*``(````6`(@```#]
M``H``P```!@`B0```/T`"@`#``$`'0"*````_0`*``0````8`(L```#]``H`
M!``!`!T`C````/T`"@`%````&`"-````_0`*``4``0`=`(X```#7`!````$`
M`&0`#@`8``X`'``<`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D`!T`
M#P`#`````````0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC-!\&`
M```&`@``"P(4````````````#0````````!:50$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"
M``$`$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`"``$`
M@``(````````````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0``@``
M`*$`(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`"``@`
M?0`,``````"V/`\````$`'T`#``!``,`MA@/````!`!]``P`!`#_`"0)#P``
M``0```(.```````-```````$````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`(`A``
M`0````,`_P````````$/``@"$``"``````#_`````````0\`"`(0``,````!
M`/\````````!#P`(`A``!`````$`_P````````$/``@"$``%`````0#_````
M`````0\`"`(0``8````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``!P````$`_P````````$/
M``@"$``(`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``D````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``
M"@````$`_P````````$/``@"$``+`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0``P````#
M`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`CP````$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`
M`@```/T`"@`!``(`%P"0````_0`*``$``P`7`)$```#]``H``@```!8`D@``
M`/T`"@`#````&`"3````_0`*``,``0`=`)0```#]``H`!````!@`E0```/T`
M"@`$``$`'0"6````_0`*``4````8`)<```#]``H`!0`!`!T`F````/T`"@`&
M````&`"9````_0`*``8``0`=`)H```#]``H`!P```!@`FP```/T`"@`'``$`
M'0"<````_0`*``@````8`)T```#]``H`"``!`!T`G````/T`"@`)````&`">
M````_0`*``D``0`=`)\```#]``H`"@```!@`H````/T`"@`*``$`'0"A````
M_0`*``L````8`*(````#`@X`"P`"`!H```"`I*'7RD']``H`#````!@`HP``
M``,"#@`,``,`&0```$"B+@8V0M<`'@!T`@``\``.`#0`#@`<`!P`'``<`!P`
M'``<`!P`(``^`A(`M@``````0```````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P``
M``````$`````````[P`&````-P````H`````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````!````_O___P,````$````_O______________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M____________________________________________________________
M______________________________[_```%`@(`````````````````````
M``$```#@A9_R^4]H$*N1"``K)[/9,````%`````#`````0```"@```````"`
M,`````0````X```````````````"````L`0``!,````)!```'P````@```!S
M`',`:`!X`&(`<@!L````_O\```4"`@```````````````````````@````+5
MS=6<+AL0DY<(`"LL^:Y$````!=7-U9PN&Q"3EP@`*RSYKFP````H`````@``
M``$````8````````@"`````"````L`0``!,````)!```-`````,`````````
M(`````$````D````````@"P``````````@```+`$```3````"00`````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
G````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`
end








XML

34

R7.xml

IDEA: Note 2 - Financial Instruments









1.0.0.3


false


Note 2 - Financial Instruments








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


0


aapl_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract


aapl


false


na


duration


string


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


false






3


Note 2 - Financial Instruments


1


aapl_FinancialInstrumentsTextBlock


aapl


false


na


duration


string


This item includes disclosure on (1) cash and cash equivalents, which may include the types of deposits and money market...


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


<div>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Note 2 &#x2013; Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Cash, Cash Equivalents
and Marketable Securities</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s cash and
available-for-sale securities held in its marketable securities
investment portfolio, recorded as cash and cash equivalents or
short-term or long-term marketable securities as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="70%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="9%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="9%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;September&#xA0;26,&#xA0;<br />
2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;September&#xA0;27,&#xA0;<br />
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,139</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">368</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">289</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">118</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">273</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,798</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">572</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,560</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,381</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,429</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash
equivalents</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,124</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,507</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,843</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">343</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,582</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,823</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">219</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,142</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">486</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,816</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,254</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,466</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,247</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">133</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total short-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,201</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,236</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">484</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">100</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,252</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">751</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">102</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,496</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">370</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total long-term marketable
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,528</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,379</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,992</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,490</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">During the
first quarter of 2009, the Company changed its accounting
presentation for certain fixed-income investments, which resulted
in the reclassification of certain investments from short-term
marketable securities to long-term marketable securities. As a
result, prior year balances have been reclassified to conform to
the current year&#x2019;s presentation. The Company classifies its
marketable securities as either short-term or long-term based on
each instrument&#x2019;s underlying contractual maturity date, while
its prior classifications were based on the nature of the
securities and their availability for use in current operations. As
a result of this change, marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. The Company&#x2019;s long-term marketable
securities&#x2019; maturities range from one year to five years. The
Company believes this new presentation is preferable as it more
closely reflects the Company&#x2019;s assessment of the timing of
when such securities will be converted to cash. Accordingly,
certain fixed-income investments totaling $2.4&#xA0;billion have
been reclassified from short-term marketable securities to
long-term marketable securities in the September&#xA0;27, 2008
Consolidated Balance Sheet to conform to the current year&#x2019;s
financial statement presentation. There have been no changes in the
Company&#x2019;s investment policies or practices associated with
this change in accounting presentation.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
tables summarize the Company&#x2019;s available-for-sale
securities&#x2019; adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross
unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category
as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 8px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Adjusted<br />
Cost</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Gains</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,608</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,610</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,616</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,085</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">320</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">321</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,714</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,197</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,760</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">42</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,786</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Municipal
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">502</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">504</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash equivalents and
marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;32,796</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">73</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;32,853</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="64%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Adjusted<br />
Cost</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Gains</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market
funds</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,536</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. Treasury
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">559</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">561</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,383</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,372</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-U.S. government
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certificates of deposit and
time deposits</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,078</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,078</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Commercial paper</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,683</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,683</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,917</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,809</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total cash equivalents and
marketable securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;24,239</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;24,122</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 8px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
net unrealized gains on its investment portfolio of $57 million as
of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and net unrealized losses on its
investment portfolio of $117 million as of September&#xA0;27, 2008.
The net unrealized gains as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and the net
unrealized losses as of September&#xA0;27, 2008 related primarily
to long-term marketable securities. The Company may sell certain of
its marketable securities prior to their stated maturities for
strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for
duration management. The Company recognized no material net gains
or losses during 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to such
sales.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 8px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value for
investments in an unrealized loss position as of September&#xA0;26,
2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, aggregated by investment category
and the length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous loss position (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 8px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="49%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="2%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="17" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less than 12
Months</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months or
Greater</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 69pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Security
Description</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Loss</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;1,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(13)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2,386</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,667</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">719</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(13)</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2,386</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(16</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="10"></td>
<td height="10" colspan="19"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="17" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less than 12
Months</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months or
Greater</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap">
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 69pt">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Security
Description</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Losses</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br />
Value</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />
Loss</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">U.S. agency
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,822</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;6,822</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(13</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate
securities</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,147</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,148</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(77</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,295</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8,969</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(44</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;1,148</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(77</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;10,117</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;(121</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
considers the declines in market value of its marketable securities
investment portfolio to be temporary in nature. The unrealized
losses on the Company&#x2019;s marketable securities were caused
primarily by changes in market interest rates, specifically,
widening credit spreads. The Company typically invests in
highly-rated securities, and its policy generally limits the amount
of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company&#x2019;s
investment policy requires investments to be investment grade,
primarily rated single-A or better, with the objective of
minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were
determined for each individual security in the investment
portfolio. When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary
impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time
and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the
financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the
Company&#x2019;s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than
not it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of
the investment&#x2019;s amortized cost basis. During the years ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008, the Company
did not recognize any material impairment charges. As of
September&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company does not consider any of its
investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Derivative Financial
Instruments</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
uses derivatives to partially offset its business exposure to
foreign currency exchange risk. The Company may enter into foreign
currency forward and option contracts to offset some of the foreign
exchange risk of expected future cash flows on certain forecasted
revenue and cost of sales, of net investments in certain foreign
subsidiaries, and on certain existing assets and liabilities. To
help protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, certain of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries whose
functional currency is the U.S. dollar, hedge a portion of
forecasted foreign currency revenue. The Company&#x2019;s
subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar and
who sell in local currencies, may hedge a portion of forecasted
inventory purchases not denominated in the subsidiaries&#x2019;
functional currencies. The Company typically hedges portions of its
forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and
inventory purchases for three to six months. To help protect the
net investment in a foreign operation from adverse changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, the Company may enter into foreign
currency forward and option contracts to offset the changes in the
carrying amounts of these investments due to fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates. The Company may also enter into
foreign currency forward and option contracts to partially offset
the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the
re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in
non-functional currencies. However, the Company may choose not to
hedge certain foreign currency exchange exposures for a variety of
reasons, including but not limited to immateriality, accounting
considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging
particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will
offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from
movements in foreign currency exchange rates.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The
Company&#x2019;s accounting policies for these instruments are based
on whether the instruments are designated as hedge or non-hedge
instruments. The Company records all derivatives on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The effective portions
of cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income
until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The effective
portions of net investment hedges are recorded in other
comprehensive income as a part of the cumulative translation
adjustment. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging
instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges and
net investment hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings
in other income and expense.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
a net deferred gain associated with cash flow hedges of
approximately $31 million and $19 million, net of taxes, recorded
in other comprehensive income as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and
September&#xA0;27, 2008, respectively. Other comprehensive income
associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currency revenue is
recognized as a component of net sales in the same period as the
related revenue is recognized, and other comprehensive income
related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases is recognized as
a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related
costs are recognized. The portion of the Company&#x2019;s net
deferred gain related to products under subscription accounting is
expected to be recorded in earnings ratably over the related
products&#x2019; estimated economic lives beginning when the hedged
transactions occur, while the portion of the net deferred gain
related to other products is expected to be recorded in earnings at
the time the hedged transactions occur. As of September&#xA0;26,
2009, the hedged transactions are expected to occur within six
months.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative
instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as
hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will
not occur in the initially identified time period or within a
subsequent two month time period. Deferred gains and losses in
other comprehensive income associated with such derivative
instruments are reclassified immediately into earnings through
other income and expense. Any subsequent changes in fair value of
such derivative instruments also are reflected in current earnings
unless they are re-designated as hedges of other transactions. The
Company did not recognize any material net gains or losses related
to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash flow hedges
during 2009, 2008 and 2007.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company had
an unrealized net loss on net investment hedges of $2 million and
$1 million, net of taxes, included in the cumulative translation
adjustment account of accumulated other comprehensive income
(&#x201C;AOCI&#x201D;) as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and
September&#xA0;27, 2008, respectively. The ineffective portions and
amounts excluded from the effectiveness test of net investment
hedges are recorded in current earnings in other income and
expense.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
recognized in earnings a net gain of $133 million on foreign
currency forward and option contracts not designated as hedging
instruments during the year ended September&#xA0;26,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the notional principal and credit risk amounts of the
Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments outstanding as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="68%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Notional<br />
Principal</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Credit<br />
Risk<br />
Amounts</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Notional<br />
Principal</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Credit<br />
Risk<br />
Amounts</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Instruments qualifying as
accounting hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,422</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;31</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,902</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;107</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="8"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="8" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Instruments other than
accounting hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,416</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,868</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">8</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The notional
principal amounts for derivative instruments provide one measure of
the transaction volume outstanding as of September&#xA0;26, 2009,
and do not represent the amount of the Company&#x2019;s exposure to
credit or market loss. The credit risk amounts represent the
Company&#x2019;s gross exposure to potential accounting loss on
these transactions if all counterparties failed to perform
according to the terms of the contract, based on then-current
currency exchange rates at each respective date. The
Company&#x2019;s gross exposure on these transactions may be further
mitigated by collateral received from certain counterparties. The
Company&#x2019;s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary
over time as a function of currency exchange rates. Although the
table above reflects the notional principal and credit risk amounts
of the Company&#x2019;s foreign exchange instruments, it does not
reflect the gains or losses associated with the exposures and
transactions that the foreign exchange instruments are intended to
hedge. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these
financial instruments, together with the gains and losses on the
underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions
during the remaining life of the instruments.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
generally enters into master netting arrangements, which reduce
credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the
same counterparty. To further limit credit risk, the Company
generally enters into collateral security arrangements that provide
for collateral to be received when the net fair value of certain
financial instruments exceeds contractually established thresholds.
The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative
liabilities at their gross fair values.&#xA0;The Company did not
record a material amount of cash collateral related to the
derivative instruments under its master netting arrangements as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. The Company did not have any derivative
instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that would
require it to post additional collateral as of September&#xA0;26,
2009.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The estimates
of fair value are based on applicable and commonly used pricing
models and prevailing financial market information as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009. Refer to Note 3, &#x201C;Fair Value
Measurements&#x201D; of this Form 10-K, for additional information
on the fair value measurements for all financial assets and
liabilities, including derivative assets and derivative
liabilities, that are measured at fair value in the consolidated
financial statements on a recurring basis. The following tables
shows the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments measured at gross
fair value as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="55%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;26,
2009</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives<br />
Designated&#xA0;as<br />
Hedge&#xA0;Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives&#xA0;Not<br />
Designated&#xA0;as&#xA0;Hedge<br />
Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total&#xA0;Fair&#xA0;Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative assets
(a):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;27</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;10</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;37</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative liabilities
(b):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="55%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="12%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;27,
2008</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives<br />
Designated&#xA0;as<br />
Hedge&#xA0;Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair&#xA0;Value&#xA0;of<br />
Derivatives&#xA0;Not<br />
Designated&#xA0;as&#xA0;Hedge<br />
Instruments</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total&#xA0;Fair&#xA0;Value</b></font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative assets
(a):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">107</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;8</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Derivative liabilities
(b):</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">68</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70</font></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All derivative assets are recorded as other current assets in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(b)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">All derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table shows the effect of the Company&#x2019;s derivative
instruments designated as cash flow and net investment hedges in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="31%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="13" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended
September&#xA0;26, 2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Recognized in<br />
AOCI - Effective<br />
Portion (a)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Location of Gain<br />
or (Loss)<br />
Reclassified<br />
from&#xA0;AOCI&#xA0;into<br />
Income -<br />
Effective Portion</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Reclassified from<br />
AOCI into<br />
Income -<br />
Effective Portion<br />
(a)</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Location of Gain</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or
(Loss)</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Recognized
- -<br />
Ineffective</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Portion
and</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amount<br />
Excluded from</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Effectiveness</b></font><br />
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Testing</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gain&#xA0;or&#xA0;(Loss)<br />
Recognized -<br />
Ineffective&#xA0;Portion<br />
and Amount<br />
Excluded from<br />
Effectiveness<br />
Testing</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash flow
hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">283</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net&#xA0;sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">251</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other&#xA0;income&#xA0;and<br />
expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(83</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cost&#xA0;of&#xA0;sales</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">72</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other income<br />
and expense</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(14</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td height="5"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="3"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="2"></td>
<td height="5" colspan="4"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net investment
hedges:</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
<td valign="top"></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Foreign exchange
contracts</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(44</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other&#xA0;income<br />
and expense</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other income<br />
and expense</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Total</b></font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">294</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">323</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(94</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(a)</font></td>
<td valign="top" align="left">
<p align="justify"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Refer to Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019; Equity and
Stock-Based Compensation&#x201D; of this Form 10-K, which summarizes
the activity in accumulated other comprehensive income related to
derivatives.</font></p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>Accounts
Receivable</b></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Trade
Receivables</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company
distributes its products through third-party distributors, cellular
network carriers, and resellers and directly to certain education,
consumer and enterprise customers. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers; however, the Company will
require collateral in certain instances to limit credit risk. In
addition, when possible, the Company attempts to limit credit risk
on trade receivables with credit insurance for certain customers in
Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, or by requiring
third-party financing, loans or leases to support credit exposure.
These credit-financing arrangements are directly between the
third-party financing company and the end customer. As such, the
Company generally does not assume any recourse or credit risk
sharing related to any of these arrangements. However, considerable
trade receivables not covered by collateral, third-party financing
arrangements, or credit insurance are outstanding with the
Company&#x2019;s distribution and retail channel partners. Trade
receivables from one of the Company&#x2019;s customers accounted for
16% of trade receivables as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and two of
the Company&#x2019;s customers accounted for 15% and 10%,
respectively, of trade receivables as of September&#xA0;27,
2008.</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following
table summarizes the activity in the allowance for doubtful
accounts for the three years ended September&#xA0;26, 2009 (in
millions):</font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px">
&#xA0;</p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="92%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="80%"></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Beginning allowance
balance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Charged to costs and
expenses</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF">
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deductions</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(20</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(17</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Ending allowance
balance</font></p>
</td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;52</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;47</font></td>
<td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td>
</tr>
<tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px">
<td valign="bottom"></td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
<td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td>
<td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom">
&#xA0;</td>
<td>&#xA0;</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><i>Vendor Non-Trade
Receivables</i></font></p>
<p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="justify">
<font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has
non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors
resulting from the sale of raw material components to these
manufacturing vendors who manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble
final products for the Company. The Company purchases these raw
material components directly from suppliers. These non-trade
receivables, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
in other current assets, totaled $1.7 billion and $2.3 billion as
of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively. Vendor non-trade receivables from two of the
Company&#x2019;s vendors accounted for 40% and 36%, respectively, of
non-trade receivables as of September&#xA0;26, 2009 and two of the
Company&#x2019;s vendors accounted for 47% and 38%, respectively, of
non-trade receivables as of September&#xA0;27, 2008. The Company
does not reflect the sale of these components in net sales and does
not recognize any profits on these sales until the related products
are sold by the Company, at which time any profit is recognized as
a reduction of cost of sales.</font></p>
</div>


Note 2 &#x2013; Financial
Instruments
Cash, Cash Equivalents
and Marketable Securities

The following
table summarizes the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s




false


false






This item includes disclosure on (1) cash and cash equivalents, which may include the types of deposits and money market instruments, applicable carrying amounts, restricted amounts and compensating balance arrangements; (2) available-for-sale securities, which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities; (3) derivative instruments and hedging activities, which include descriptions of risk management strategies, derivatives in hedging activities and nonhedging derivative instruments, the assets, obligations, liabilities, revenues and expenses arising therefrom, and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items; and (4) other financial instruments.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


2


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true












XML

35

R17.xml

IDEA: Document Information









1.0.0.3


false


Document Information








false


1












$


false


false










Shares


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0






USD


Standard




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217




0






USDperShareItemType


Divide




http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217


USD


iso4217






http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance


shares






0














2


Document Information [Text Block]


0


dei_DocumentInformationTextBlock


dei


false


na


duration


string


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


true


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0








false


false






No definition available.


false






3


Document Type


1


dei_DocumentType


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


10-K


10-K




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






4


Amendment Flag


1


dei_AmendmentFlag


dei


false


na


duration


na


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


false


false




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false






5


Document Period End Date


1


dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate


dei


false


na


duration


date


No definition available.


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false


false






1


false


false


0


0


2009-09-26


2009-09-26




false


false






No definition available.


No authoritative reference available.


false








false


1


4


false


UnKnown


UnKnown


UnKnown


false


true











-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
